QUESTION 1
Which of the following devices is BEST suited for servers that need to store private keys?
A. Hardware security module
B. Hardened network firewall
C. Solid state disk drive
D. Hardened host firewall
Answer: A
QUESTION 2
All of the following are valid cryptographic hash functions EXCEPT:
A. RIPEMD
B. RC4.
C. SHA-512.
D. MD4.
Answer: B
QUESTION 3
In regards to secure coding practices, why is input validation important?
A. It mitigates buffer overflow attacks.
B. It makes the code more readable.
C. It provides an application configuration baseline.
D. It meets gray box testing standards.
Answer: A
QUESTION 4
Which of the following would be used when a higher level of security is desired for encryption key
storage?
A. TACACS+
B. L2TP
C. LDAP
D. TPM
Answer: D
QUESTION 5
A security administrator needs to determine which system a particular user is trying to login to at
various times of the day. Which of the following log types would the administrator check?
A. Firewall
B. Application
C. IDS
D. Security
Answer: D
QUESTION 6
Which of the following MUST be updated immediately when an employee is terminated to prevent
unauthorized access?
A. Registration
B. CA
C. CRL
D. Recovery agent
Answer: C
QUESTION 7
Employee badges are encoded with a private encryption key and specific personal information.
The encoding is then used to provide access to the network. Which of the following describes this
access control type?
A. Smartcard
B. Token
C. Discretionary access control
D. Mandatory access control
Answer: A
QUESTION 8
Which of the following devices would MOST likely have a DMZ interface?
A. Firewall
B. Switch
C. Load balancer
D. Proxy
Answer: A
QUESTION 9
Which of the following application security testing techniques is implemented when an automated
system generates random input data?
A. Fuzzing
B. XSRF
C. Hardening
D. Input validation
Answer: A
QUESTION 10
Which of the following can be used by a security administrator to successfully recover a user's
forgotten password on a password protected file?
A. Cognitive password
B. Password sniffing
C. Brute force
D. Social engineering
Answer: C
QUESTION 11
A security administrator wants to check user password complexity. Which of the following is the
BEST tool to use?
A. Password history
B. Password logging
C. Password cracker
D. Password hashing
Answer: C
QUESTION 12
Certificates are used for: (Select TWO).
A. Client authentication.
B. WEP encryption.
C. Access control lists.
D. Code signing.
E. Password hashing.
Answer: AD
QUESTION 13
Which of the following is a hardware based encryption device?
A. EFS
B. TrueCrypt
C. TPM
D. SLE
Answer: C
QUESTION 14
Which of the following BEST describes a protective countermeasure for SQL injection?
A. Eliminating cross-site scripting vulnerabilities
B. Installing an IDS to monitor network traffic
C. Validating user input in web applications
D. Placing a firewall between the Internet and database servers
Answer: C
QUESTION 15
Which of the following MOST interferes with network-based detection techniques?
A. Mime-encoding
B. SSL
C. FTP
D. Anonymous email accounts
Answer: B
QUESTION 16
A certificate authority takes which of the following actions in PKI?
A. Signs and verifies all infrastructure messages
B. Issues and signs all private keys
C. Publishes key escrow lists to CRLs
D. Issues and signs all root certificates
Answer: D
QUESTION 17
Use of a smart card to authenticate remote servers remains MOST susceptible to which of the
following attacks?
A. Malicious code on the local system
B. Shoulder surfing
C. Brute force certificate cracking
D. Distributed dictionary attacks
Answer: A
QUESTION 18
Separation of duties is often implemented between developers and administrators in order to
separate which of the following?
A. More experienced employees from less experienced employees
B. Changes to program code and the ability to deploy to production
C. Upper level management users from standard development employees
D. The network access layer from the application access layer
Answer: B
QUESTION 19
A security administrator needs to update the OS on all the switches in the company. Which of the
following MUST be done before any actual switch configuration is performed?
A. The request needs to be sent to the incident management team.
B. The request needs to be approved through the incident management process.
C. The request needs to be approved through the change management process.
D. The request needs to be sent to the change management team.
Answer: C
QUESTION 20
Jane, an individual, has recently been calling various financial offices pretending to be another
person to gain financial information. Which of the following attacks is being described?
A. Phishing
B. Tailgating
C. Pharming
D. Vishing
Answer: D
QUESTION 21
A user in the company is in charge of various financial roles but needs to prepare for an
upcoming audit. They use the same account to access each financial system. Which of the
following security controls will MOST likely be implemented within the company?
A. Account lockout policy
B. Account password enforcement
C. Password complexity enabled
D. Separation of duties
Answer: D
QUESTION 22
A CRL is comprised of:
A. Malicious IP addresses.
B. Trusted CA's.
C. Untrusted private keys.
D. Public keys.
Answer: D
QUESTION 23
Sara, a user, downloads a keygen to install pirated software. After running the keygen, system
performance is extremely slow and numerous antivirus alerts are displayed. Which of the
following BEST describes this type of malware?
A. Logic bomb
B. Worm
C. Trojan
D. Adware
Answer: C
QUESTION 24
Which of the following may significantly reduce data loss if multiple drives fail at the same time?
A. Virtualization
B. RAID
C. Load balancing
D. Server clustering
Answer: B
QUESTION 25
Which of the following should be considered to mitigate data theft when using CAT5 wiring?
A. CCTV
B. Environmental monitoring
C. Multimode fiber
D. EMI shielding
Answer: D
QUESTION 26
Which of the following file systems is from Microsoft and was included with their earliest operating
systems?
A. NTFS
B. UFS
C. MTFS
D. FAT
Answer: D
QUESTION 27
The process of making certain that an entity (operating system, application, etc.) is as secure as it
can be is known as:
A. Stabilizing
B. Reinforcing
C. Hardening
D. Toughening
Answer: C
QUESTION 28
What is the term for the process of luring someone in (usually done by an enforcement officer
or a government agent)?
A. Enticement
B. Entrapment
C. Deceit
D. Sting
Answer: A
QUESTION 29
Which of the following algorithms has well documented collisions? (Select TWO).
A. AES
B. MD5
C. SHA
D. SHA-256
E. RSA
Answer: BC
QUESTION 30
Which of the following is BEST used as a secure replacement for TELNET?
A. HTTPS
B. HMAC
C. GPG
D. SSH
Answer: D
QUESTION 31
An email client says a digital signature is invalid and the sender cannot be verified. The recipient
is concerned with which of the following concepts?
A. Integrity
B. Availability
C. Confidentiality
D. Remediation
Answer: A
QUESTION 32
Which of the following is an effective way to ensure the BEST temperature for all equipment
within a datacenter?
A. Fire suppression
B. Raised floor implementation
C. EMI shielding
D. Hot or cool aisle containment
Answer: D
QUESTION 33
Which of the following transportation encryption protocols should be used to ensure maximum
security between a web browser and a web server?
A. SSLv2
B. SSHv1
C. RSA
D. TLS
Answer: D
QUESTION 34
Developers currently have access to update production servers without going through an
approval process. Which of the following strategies would BEST mitigate this risk?
A. Incident management
B. Clean desk policy
C. Routine audits
D. Change management
Answer: D
QUESTION 35
Which of the following is a difference between TFTP and FTP?
A. TFTP is slower than FTP.
B. TFTP is more secure than FTP.
C. TFTP utilizes TCP and FTP uses UDP.
D. TFTP utilizes UDP and FTP uses TCP.
Answer: D
QUESTION 36
Matt, an administrator, notices a flood fragmented packet and retransmits from an email server.
After disabling the TCP offload setting on the NIC, Matt sees normal traffic with packets flowing in
sequence again. Which of the following utilities was he MOST likely using to view this issue?
A. Spam filter
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Web application firewall
D. Load balancer
Answer: B
QUESTION 37
Which of the following is characterized by an attacker attempting to map out an organization's
staff hierarchy in order to send targeted emails?
A. Whaling
B. Impersonation
C. Privilege escalation
D. Spear phishing
Answer: A
QUESTION 38
Which of the following would a security administrator implement in order to discover
comprehensive security threats on a network?
A. Design reviews
B. Baseline reporting
C. Vulnerability scan
D. Code review
Answer: C
QUESTION 39
Which of the following is an example of a false positive?
A. Anti-virus identifies a benign application as malware.
B. A biometric iris scanner rejects an authorized user wearing a new contact lens.
C. A user account is locked out after the user mistypes the password too many times.
D. The IDS does not identify a buffer overflow.
Answer: A
QUESTION 40
Data execution prevention is a feature in most operating systems intended to protect against
which type of attack?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Buffer overflow
C. Header manipulation
D. SQL injection
Answer: B
QUESTION 41
Use of group accounts should be minimized to ensure which of the following?
A. Password security
B. Regular auditing
C. Baseline management
D. Individual accountability
Answer: D
QUESTION 42
Privilege creep among long-term employees can be mitigated by which of the following
procedures?
A. User permission reviews
B. Mandatory vacations
C. Separation of duties
D. Job function rotation
Answer: A
QUESTION 43
In which of the following scenarios is PKI LEAST hardened?
A. The CRL is posted to a publicly accessible location.
B. The recorded time offsets are developed with symmetric keys.
C. A malicious CA certificate is loaded on all the clients.
D. All public keys are accessed by an unauthorized user.
Answer: C
QUESTION 44
Configuring the mode, encryption methods, and security associations are part of which of the
following?
A. IPSec
B. Full disk encryption
C. 802.1x
D. PKI
Answer: A
QUESTION 45
Which of the following assessments would Pete, the security administrator, use to actively test
that an application's security controls are in place?
A. Code review
B. Penetration test
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Vulnerability scan
Answer: B
QUESTION 46
A security administrator has just finished creating a hot site for the company. This implementation
relates to which of the following concepts?
A. Confidentiality
B. Availability
C. Succession planning
D. Integrity
Answer: B
QUESTION 47
In the initial stages of an incident response, Matt, the security administrator, was provided the
hard drives in question from the incident manager. Which of the following incident response
procedures would he need to perform in order to begin the analysis? (Select TWO).
A. Take hashes
B. Begin the chain of custody paperwork
C. Take screen shots
D. Capture the system image
E. Decompile suspicious files
Answer: AD
QUESTION 48
Which of the following is used to certify intermediate authorities in a large PKI deployment?
A. Root CA
B. Recovery agent
C. Root user
D. Key escrow
Answer: A
QUESTION 49
Which of the following components MUST be trusted by all parties in PKI?
A. Key escrow
B. CA
C. Private key
D. Recovery key
Answer: B
QUESTION 50
Which of the following should Matt, a security administrator, include when encrypting
smartphones? (Select TWO).
A. Steganography images
B. Internal memory
C. Master boot records
D. Removable memory cards
E. Public keys
Answer: BD
QUESTION 51
Which of the following is the below pseudo-code an example of? IF VARIABLE (CONTAINS
NUMBERS = TRUE) THEN EXIT
A. Buffer overflow prevention
B. Input validation
C. CSRF prevention
D. Cross-site scripting prevention
Answer: B
QUESTION 52
A system administrator is using a packet sniffer to troubleshoot remote authentication. The
administrator detects a device trying to communicate to TCP port 49. Which of the following
authentication methods is MOST likely being attempted?
A. RADIUS
B. TACACS+
C. Kerberos
D. LDAP
Answer: B
QUESTION 53
Which of the following can use RC4 for encryption? (Select TWO).
A. CHAP
B. SSL
C. WEP
D. AES
E. 3DES
Answer: BC
QUESTION 54
Which of the following defines a business goal for system restoration and acceptable data loss?
A. MTTR
B. MTBF
C. RPO
D. Warm site
Answer: C
QUESTION 55
If Organization A trusts Organization B and Organization B trusts Organization C, then
Organization A trusts Organization C. Which of the following PKI concepts is this describing?
A. Transitive trust
B. Public key trust
C. Certificate authority trust
D. Domain level trust
Answer: A
QUESTION 56
Which of the following concepts is BEST described as developing a new chain of command in the
event of a contingency?
A. Business continuity planning
B. Continuity of operations
C. Business impact analysis
D. Succession planning
Answer: D
QUESTION 57
Which of the following allows a company to maintain access to encrypted resources when
employee turnover is high?
A. Recovery agent
B. Certificate authority
C. Trust model
D. Key escrow
Answer: A
QUESTION 58
Which of the following devices will help prevent a laptop from being removed from a certain
location?
A. Device encryption
B. Cable locks
C. GPS tracking
D. Remote data wipes
Answer: B
QUESTION 59
Which of the following is the MOST secure protocol to transfer files?
A. FTP
B. FTPS
C. SSH
D. TELNET
Answer: B
QUESTION 60
Suspicious traffic without a specific signature was detected. Under further investigation, it was
determined that these were false indicators. Which of the following security devices needs to be
configured to disable future false alarms?
A. Signature based IPS
B. Signature based IDS
C. Application based IPS
D. Anomaly based IDS
Answer: D
QUESTION 61
A company storing data on a secure server wants to ensure it is legally able to dismiss and
prosecute staff who intentionally access the server via Telnet and illegally tamper with customer
data. Which of the following administrative controls should be implemented to BEST achieve this?
A. Command shell restrictions
B. Restricted interface
C. Warning banners
D. Session output pipe to /dev/null
Answer: C
QUESTION 62
Which of the following protocols is used to authenticate the client and server's digital certificate?
A. PEAP
B. DNS
C. TLS
D. ICMP
Answer: C
QUESTION 63
Which of the following can be used to mitigate risk if a mobile device is lost?
A. Cable lock
B. Transport encryption
C. Voice encryption
D. Strong passwords
Answer: D
QUESTION 64
Which of the following security concepts would Sara, the security administrator, use to mitigate
the risk of data loss?
A. Record time offset
B. Clean desk policy
C. Cloud computing
D. Routine log review
Answer: B
QUESTION 65
Which of the following is an example of multifactor authentication?
A. Credit card and PIN
B. Username and password
C. Password and PIN
D. Fingerprint and retina scan
Answer: A
QUESTION 66
After Matt, a user, enters his username and password at the login screen of a web enabled portal,
the following appears on his screen:
`Please only use letters and numbers on these fields'
Which of the following is this an example of?
A. Proper error handling
B. Proper input validation
C. Improper input validation
D. Improper error handling
Answer: B
QUESTION 67
Which of the following should the security administrator implement to limit web traffic based on
country of origin? (Select THREE).
A. Spam filter
B. Load balancer
C. Antivirus
D. Proxies
E. Firewall
F. NIDS
G. URL filtering
Answer: DEG
QUESTION 68
Several bins are located throughout a building for secure disposal of sensitive information. Which
of the following does this prevent?
A. Dumpster diving
B. War driving
C. Tailgating
D. War chalking
Answer: A
QUESTION 69
Matt, a developer, recently attended a workshop on a new application. The developer installs the
new application on a production system to test the functionality. Which of the following is MOST
likely affected?
A. Application design
B. Application security
C. Initial baseline configuration
D. Management of interfaces
Answer: C
QUESTION 70
Sara, a company's security officer, often receives reports of unauthorized personnel having
access codes to the cipher locks of secure areas in the building. Sara should immediately
implement which of the following?
A. Acceptable Use Policy
B. Physical security controls
C. Technical controls
D. Security awareness training
Answer: D
QUESTION 71
Mike, a network administrator, has been asked to passively monitor network traffic to the
company's sales websites. Which of the following would be BEST suited for this task?
A. HIDS
B. Firewall
C. NIPS
D. Spam filter
Answer: C
QUESTION 72
Mike, a security professional, is tasked with actively verifying the strength of the security controls
on a company's live modem pool. Which of the following activities is MOST appropriate?
A. War dialing
B. War chalking
C. War driving
D. Bluesnarfing
Answer: A
QUESTION 73
Users at a company report that a popular news website keeps taking them to a web page with
derogatory content. This is an example of which of the following?
A. Evil twin
B. DNS poisoning
C. Vishing
D. Session hijacking
Answer: B
QUESTION 74
An encrypted message is sent using PKI from Sara, a client, to a customer. Sara claims she
never sent the message. Which of the following aspects of PKI BEST ensures the identity of the
sender?
A. CRL
B. Non-repudiation
C. Trust models
D. Recovery agents
Answer: B
QUESTION 75
Jane, a security administrator, has observed repeated attempts to break into a server. Which of
the following is designed to stop an intrusion on a specific server?
A. HIPS
B. NIDS
C. HIDS
D. NIPS
Answer: A
QUESTION 76
Matt, the IT Manager, wants to create a new network available to virtual servers on the same
hypervisor, and does not want this network to be routable to the firewall. How could this BEST be
accomplished?
A. Create a VLAN without a default gateway.
B. Remove the network from the routing table.
C. Create a virtual switch.
D. Commission a stand-alone switch.
Answer: C
QUESTION 77
A security administrator implements access controls based on the security classification of the
data and need-to-know information. Which of the following BEST describes this level of access
control?
A. Implicit deny
B. Role-based Access Control
C. Mandatory Access Controls
D. Least privilege
Answer: C
QUESTION 78
A security administrator has configured FTP in passive mode. Which of the following ports should
the security administrator allow on the firewall by default?
A. 20
B. 21
C. 22
D. 23
Answer: B
QUESTION 79
Which of the following could cause a browser to display the message below? "The security
certificate presented by this website was issued for a different website's address."
A. The website certificate was issued by a different CA than what the browser recognizes in its trusted CAs.
B. The website is using a wildcard certificate issued for the company's domain.
C. HTTPS://127.0.01 was used instead of HTTPS://localhost.
D. The website is using an expired self signed certificate.
Answer: C
QUESTION 80
A company that purchased an HVAC system for the datacenter is MOST concerned with which of
the following?
A. Availability
B. Integrity
C. Confidentiality
D. Fire suppression
Answer: A
QUESTION 81
Which of the following pseudocodes can be used to handle program exceptions?
A. If program detects another instance of itself, then kill program instance.
B. If user enters invalid input, then restart program.
C. If program module crashes, then restart program module.
D. If user's input exceeds buffer length, then truncate the input.
Answer: C
QUESTION 82
Which of the following technologies uses multiple devices to share work?
A. Switching
B. Load balancing
C. RAID
D. VPN concentrator
Answer: B
QUESTION 83
Which of the following protocols uses an asymmetric key to open a session and then establishes
a symmetric key for the remainder of the session?
A. SFTP
B. HTTPS
C. TFTP
D. TLS
Answer: B
QUESTION 84
Which of the following describes how Sara, an attacker, can send unwanted advertisements to a
mobile device?
A. Man-in-the-middle
B. Bluejacking
C. Bluesnarfing
D. Packet sniffing
Answer: B
QUESTION 85
Pete, an employee, is terminated from the company and the legal department needs documents
from his encrypted hard drive. Which of the following should be used to accomplish this task?
(Select TWO).
A. Private hash
B. Recovery agent
C. Public key
D. Key escrow
E. CRL
Answer: BD
QUESTION 86
Which of the following mitigation strategies is established to reduce risk when performing updates
to business critical systems?
A. Incident management
B. Server clustering
C. Change management
D. Forensic analysis
Answer: C
QUESTION 87
Which of the following can Pete, a security administrator, use to distribute the processing effort
when generating hashes for a password cracking program?
A. RAID
B. Clustering
C. Redundancy
D. Virtualization
Answer: B
QUESTION 88
Which of the following should Jane, a security administrator, perform before a hard drive is
analyzed with forensics tools?
A. Identify user habits
B. Disconnect system from network
C. Capture system image
D. Interview witnesses
Answer: C
QUESTION 89
Jane, an administrator, needs to make sure the wireless network is not accessible from the
parking area of their office. Which of the following would BEST help Jane when deploying a new
access point?
A. Placement of antenna
B. Disabling the SSID
C. Implementing WPA2
D. Enabling the MAC filtering
Answer: A
QUESTION 90
Which of the following allows Pete, a security technician, to provide the MOST secure wireless
implementation?
A. Implement WPA
B. Disable SSID
C. Adjust antenna placement
D. Implement WEP
Answer: A
QUESTION 91
Which of the following is a management control?
A. Logon banners
B. Written security policy
C. SYN attack prevention
D. Access Control List (ACL)
Answer: B
QUESTION 92
Which of the following security strategies allows a company to limit damage to internal systems
and provides loss control?
A. Restoration and recovery strategies
B. Deterrent strategies
C. Containment strategies
D. Detection strategies
Answer: C
QUESTION 93
In order for Sara, a client, to logon to her desktop computer, she must provide her username,
password, and a four digit PIN. Which of the following authentication methods is Sara using?
A. Three factor
B. Single factor
C. Two factor
D. Four factor
Answer: B
QUESTION 94
Using proximity card readers instead of the traditional key punch doors would help to mitigate:
A. Impersonation
B. Tailgating
C. Dumpster diving
D. Shoulder surfing
Answer: D
QUESTION 95
Which of the following application attacks is used to gain access to SEH?
A. Cookie stealing
B. Buffer overflow
C. Directory traversal
D. XML injection
Answer: B
QUESTION 96
Which of the following is an authentication service that uses UDP as a transport medium?
A. TACACS+
B. LDAP
C. Kerberos
D. RADIUS
Answer: D
QUESTION 97
Which of the following can be used on a smartphone to BEST protect against sensitive data loss
if the device is stolen? (Select TWO).
A. Tethering
B. Screen lock PIN
C. Remote wipe
D. Email password
E. GPS tracking
F. Device encryption
Answer: CF
QUESTION 98
Jane, a security analyst, is reviewing logs from hosts across the Internet which her company uses
to gather data on new malware. Which of the following is being implemented by Jane's company?
A. Vulnerability scanner
B. Honeynet
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Port scanner
Answer: B
QUESTION 99
Which of the following should Pete, a security manager, implement to reduce the risk of
employees working in collusion to embezzle funds from their company?
A. Privacy Policy
B. Least Privilege
C. Acceptable Use
D. Mandatory Vacations
Answer: D
QUESTION 100
Which of the following will allow Pete, a security analyst, to trigger a security alert because of a
tracking cookie?
A. Network based firewall
B. Anti-spam software
C. Host based firewall
D. Anti-spyware software
Answer: D
QUESTION 101
Which of the following protocols allows for secure transfer of files? (Select TWO).
A. ICMP
B. SNMP
C. SFTP
D. SCP
E. TFTP
Answer: CD
QUESTION 102
Which of the following passwords is the LEAST complex?
A. MyTrain!45
B. Mytr@in!!
C. MyTr@in12
D. MyTr@in#8
Answer: B
QUESTION 103
During a penetration test from the Internet, Jane, the system administrator, was able to establish
a connection to an internal router, but not successfully log in to it. Which ports and protocols are
MOST likely to be open on the firewall? (Select FOUR).
A. 21
B. 22
C. 23
D. 69
E. 3389
F. SSH
G. Terminal services
H. Rlogin
I. Rsync
J. Telnet
Answer: BCFJ
QUESTION 104
Which of the following is an application security coding problem?
A. Error and exception handling
B. Patch management
C. Application hardening
D. Application fuzzing
Answer: A
QUESTION 105
An IT security technician needs to establish host based security for company workstations. Which
of the following will BEST meet this requirement?
A. Implement IIS hardening by restricting service accounts.
B. Implement database hardening by applying vendor guidelines.
C. Implement perimeter firewall rules to restrict access.
D. Implement OS hardening by applying GPOs.
Answer: D
QUESTION 106
Which of the following is the MOST specific plan for various problems that can arise within a
system?
A. Business Continuity Plan
B. Continuity of Operation Plan
C. Disaster Recovery Plan
D. IT Contingency Plan
Answer: D
QUESTION 107
Which of the following BEST describes the weakness in WEP encryption?
A. The initialization vector of WEP uses a crack-able RC4 encryption algorithm.
Once enough packets are captured an XOR operation can be performed and the asymmetric keys
can be derived.
B. The WEP key is stored in plain text and split in portions across 224 packets of random data.
Once enough packets are sniffed the IV portion of the packets can be removed leaving the plain text key.
C. The WEP key has a weak MD4 hashing algorithm used.
A simple rainbow table can be used to generate key possibilities due to MD4 collisions.
D. The WEP key is stored with a very small pool of random numbers to make the cipher text.
As the random numbers are often reused it becomes easy to derive the remaining WEP key.
Answer: D
QUESTION 108
Sara, the Chief Security Officer (CSO), has had four security breaches during the past two years.
Each breach has cost the company $3,000. A third party vendor has offered to repair the security
hole in the system for $25,000. The breached system is scheduled to be replaced in five years.
Which of the following should Sara do to address the risk?
A. Accept the risk saving $10,000.
B. Ignore the risk saving $5,000.
C. Mitigate the risk saving $10,000.
D. Transfer the risk saving $5,000.
Answer: D
QUESTION 109
Which of the following is an authentication and accounting service that uses TCP for connecting
to routers and switches?
A. DIAMETER
B. RADIUS
C. TACACS+
D. Kerberos
Answer: C
QUESTION 110
Which of the following can BEST help prevent cross-site scripting attacks and buffer overflows on
a production system?
A. Input validation
B. Network intrusion detection system
C. Anomaly-based HIDS
D. Peer review
Answer: A
QUESTION 111
Pete, an IT Administrator, needs to secure his server room. Which of the following mitigation
methods would provide the MOST physical protection?
A. Sign in and sign out logs
B. Mantrap
C. Video surveillance
D. HVAC
Answer: B
QUESTION 112
Which of the following should be connected to the fire alarm system in order to help prevent the
spread of a fire in a server room without data loss to assist in an FM-200 deployment?
A. Water base sprinkler system
B. Electrical
C. HVAC
D. Video surveillance
Answer: C
QUESTION 113
Matt, a security consultant, has been tasked with increasing server fault tolerance and has been
given no budget to accomplish his task. Which of the following can Matt implement to ensure
servers will withstand hardware failure?
A. Hardware load balancing
B. RAID
C. A cold site
D. A host standby
Answer: B
QUESTION 114
Which of the following fire suppression systems is MOST likely used in a datacenter?
A. FM-200
B. Dry-pipe
C. Wet-pipe
D. Vacuum
Answer: A
QUESTION 115
A security administrator has installed a new KDC for the corporate environment. Which of the
following authentication protocols is the security administrator planning to implement across the
organization?
A. LDAP
B. RADIUS
C. Kerberos
D. XTACACS
Answer: C
QUESTION 116
While opening an email attachment, Pete, a customer, receives an error that the application has
encountered an unexpected issue and must be shut down. This could be an example of which of
the following attacks?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Buffer overflow
C. Header manipulation
D. Directory traversal
Answer: B
QUESTION 117
Jane has recently implemented a new network design at her organization and wishes to passively
identify security issues with the new network. Which of the following should Jane perform?
A. Vulnerability assessment
B. Black box testing
C. White box testing
D. Penetration testing
Answer: A
QUESTION 118
A security technician is working with the network firewall team to implement access controls at
the company's demarc as part of the initiation of configuration management processes. One of
the network technicians asks the security technician to explain the access control type found in a
firewall. With which of the following should the security technician respond?
A. Rule based access control
B. Role based access control
C. Discretionary access control
D. Mandatory access control
Answer: A
QUESTION 119
Jane, a security administrator, has been tasked with explaining authentication services to the
company's management team. The company runs an active directory infrastructure. Which of the
following solutions BEST relates to the host authentication protocol within the company's
environment?
A. Kerberos
B. Least privilege
C. TACACS+
D. LDAP
Answer: A
QUESTION 120
Pete, the compliance manager, wants to meet regulations. Pete would like certain ports blocked
only on all computers that do credit card transactions. Which of the following should Pete
implement to BEST achieve this goal?
A. A host-based intrusion prevention system
B. A host-based firewall
C. Antivirus update system
D. A network-based intrusion detection system
Answer: B
QUESTION 121
Pete, the system administrator, wants to restrict access to advertisements, games, and gambling
web sites. Which of the following devices would BEST achieve this goal?
A. Firewall
B. Switch
C. URL content filter
D. Spam filter
Answer: C
QUESTION 122
Pete, the system administrator, wishes to monitor and limit users' access to external websites.
Which of the following would BEST address this?
A. Block all traffic on port 80.
B. Implement NIDS.
C. Use server load balancers.
D. Install a proxy server.
Answer: D
QUESTION 123
Sara, the security administrator, must configure the corporate firewall to allow all public IP
addresses on the internal interface of the firewall to be translated to one public IP address on the
external interface of the same firewall. Which of the following should Sara configure?
A. PAT
B. NAP
C. DNAT
D. NAC
Answer: A
QUESTION 124
Matt, a security analyst, needs to select an asymmetric encryption method that allows for the
same level of encryption strength with a lower key length than is typically necessary. Which of the
following encryption methods offers this capability?
A. Twofish
B. Diffie-Hellman
C. ECC
D. RSA
Answer: C
QUESTION 125
Sara, a security analyst, is trying to prove to management what costs they could incur if their
customer database was breached. This database contains 250 records with PII. Studies show
that the cost per record for a breach is $300. The likelihood that their database would be
breached in the next year is only 5%. Which of the following is the ALE that Sara should report to
management for a security breach?
A. $1,500
B. $3,750
C. $15,000
D. $75,000
Answer: B
QUESTION 126
Methods to test the responses of software and web applications to unusual or unexpected inputs
is known as:
A. Brute force.
B. HTML encoding.
C. Web crawling.
D. Fuzzing.
Answer: D
QUESTION 127
Pete needs to open ports on the firewall to allow for secure transmission of files. Which of the
following ports should be opened on the firewall?
A. TCP 23
B. UDP 69
C. TCP 22
D. TCP 21
Answer: C
QUESTION 128
Sara, a security architect, has developed a framework in which several authentication servers
work together to increase processing power for an application. Which of the following does this
represent?
A. Warm site
B. Load balancing
C. Clustering
D. RAID
Answer: C
QUESTION 129
Which statement is TRUE about the operation of a packet sniffer?
A. It can only have one interface on a management network.
B. They are required for firewall operation and stateful inspection.
C. The Ethernet card must be placed in promiscuous mode.
D. It must be placed on a single virtual LAN interface.
Answer: C
QUESTION 130
Which of the following firewall rules only denies DNS zone transfers?
A. deny udp any any port 53
B. deny ip any any
C. deny tcp any any port 53
D. deny all dns packets
Answer: C
QUESTION 131
Which of the following BEST explains the use of an HSM within the company servers?
A. Thumb drives present a significant threat which is mitigated by HSM.
B. Software encryption can perform multiple functions required by HSM.
C. Data loss by removable media can be prevented with DLP.
D. Hardware encryption is faster than software encryption.
Answer: D
QUESTION 132
Which of the following technologies can store multi-tenant data with different security
requirements?
A. Data loss prevention
B. Trusted platform module
C. Hard drive encryption
D. Cloud computing
Answer: D
QUESTION 133
Matt, a security analyst, needs to implement encryption for company data and also prevent theft
of company data. Where and how should Matt meet this requirement?
A. Matt should implement access control lists and turn on EFS.
B. Matt should implement DLP and encrypt the company database.
C. Matt should install Truecrypt and encrypt the company server.
D. Matt should install TPMs and encrypt the company database.
Answer: B
QUESTION 134
Which of the following types of encryption will help in protecting files on a PED?
A. Mobile device encryption
B. Transport layer encryption
C. Encrypted hidden container
D. Database encryption
Answer: A
QUESTION 135
Which of the following does full disk encryption prevent?
A. Client side attacks
B. Clear text access
C. Database theft
D. Network-based attacks
Answer: B
QUESTION 136
Pete, a security analyst, has been informed that the development team has plans to develop an
application which does not meet the company's password policy. Which of the following should
Pete do NEXT?
A. Contact the Chief Information Officer and ask them to change the company password policy so that
the application is made compliant.
B. Tell the application development manager to code the application to adhere to the company's password policy.
C. Ask the application development manager to submit a risk acceptance memo so that the issue can be
documented.
D. Inform the Chief Information Officer of non-adherence to the security policy so that the developers can
be reprimanded.
Answer: B
QUESTION 137
Sara, a security manager, has decided to force expiration of all company passwords by the close
of business day. Which of the following BEST supports this reasoning?
A. A recent security breach in which passwords were cracked.
B. Implementation of configuration management processes.
C. Enforcement of password complexity requirements.
D. Implementation of account lockout procedures.
Answer: A
QUESTION 138
Which of the following presents the STRONGEST access control?
A. MAC
B. TACACS
C. DAC
D. RBAC
Answer: A
QUESTION 139
Which of the following encompasses application patch management?
A. Configuration management
B. Policy management
C. Cross-site request forgery
D. Fuzzing
Answer: A
QUESTION 140
Sara, an application developer, implemented error and exception handling alongside input
validation. Which of the following does this help prevent?
A. Buffer overflow
B. Pop-up blockers
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Fuzzing
Answer: A
QUESTION 141
Which of the following is the LEAST volatile when performing incident response procedures?
A. Registers
B. RAID cache
C. RAM
D. Hard drive
Answer: D
QUESTION 142
Pete, a developer, writes an application. Jane, the security analyst, knows some things about the
overall application but does not have all the details. Jane needs to review the software before it is
released to production. Which of the following reviews should Jane conduct?
A. Gray Box Testing
B. Black Box Testing
C. Business Impact Analysis
D. White Box Testing
Answer: A
QUESTION 143
The information security team does a presentation on social media and advises the participants
not to provide too much personal information on social media web sites. This advice would BEST
protect people from which of the following?
A. Rainbow tables attacks
B. Brute force attacks
C. Birthday attacks
D. Cognitive passwords attacks
Answer: D
QUESTION 144
Pete's corporation has outsourced help desk services to a large provider. Management has
published a procedure that requires all users, when receiving support, to call a special number.
Users then need to enter the code provided to them by the help desk technician prior to allowing
the technician to work on their PC. Which of the following does this procedure prevent?
A. Collusion
B. Impersonation
C. Pharming
D. Transitive Access
Answer: B
QUESTION 145
Pete, the security engineer, would like to prevent wireless attacks on his network. Pete has
implemented a security control to limit the connecting MAC addresses to a single port. Which of
the following wireless attacks would this address?
A. Interference
B. Man-in-the-middle
C. ARP poisoning
D. Rogue access point
Answer: D
QUESTION 146
Which of the following can be implemented with multiple bit strength?
A. AES
B. DES
C. SHA-1
D. MD5
E. MD4
Answer: A
QUESTION 147
Pete, the system administrator, has blocked users from accessing social media web sites. In
addition to protecting company information from being accidentally leaked, which additional
security benefit does this provide?
A. No competition with the company's official social presence
B. Protection against malware introduced by banner ads
C. Increased user productivity based upon fewer distractions
D. Elimination of risks caused by unauthorized P2P file sharing
Answer: B
QUESTION 148
Pete, the system administrator, is reviewing his disaster recovery plans. He wishes to limit the
downtime in the event of a disaster, but does not have the budget approval to implement or
maintain an offsite location that ensures 99.99% availability. Which of the following would be
Pete's BEST option?
A. Use hardware already at an offsite location and configure it to be quickly utilized.
B. Move the servers and data to another part of the company's main campus from the server room.
C. Retain data back-ups on the main campus and establish redundant servers in a virtual environment.
D. Move the data back-ups to the offsite location, but retain the hardware on the main campus for redundancy.
Answer: A
QUESTION 149
A network stream needs to be encrypted. Sara, the network administrator, has selected a cipher
which will encrypt 8 bits at a time before sending the data across the network. Which of the
following has Sara selected?
A. Block cipher
B. Stream cipher
C. CRC
D. Hashing algorithm
Answer: A
QUESTION 150
Pete, a security auditor, has detected clear text passwords between the RADIUS server and the
authenticator. Which of the following is configured in the RADIUS server and what technologies
should the authentication protocol be changed to?
A. PAP, MSCHAPv2
B. CHAP, PAP
C. MSCHAPv2, NTLMv2
D. NTLM, NTLMv2
Answer: A
QUESTION 151
Which of the following is an advantage of implementing individual file encryption on a hard drive
which already deploys full disk encryption?
A. Reduces processing overhead required to access the encrypted files
B. Double encryption causes the individually encrypted files to partially lose their properties
C. Individually encrypted files will remain encrypted when copied to external media
D. File level access control only apply to individually encrypted files in a fully encrypted drive
Answer: C
QUESTION 152
An IT director is looking to reduce the footprint of their company's server environment. They have
decided to move several internally developed software applications to an alternate environment,
supported by an external company. Which of the following BEST describes this arrangement?
A. Infrastructure as a Service
B. Storage as a Service
C. Platform as a Service
D. Software as a Service
Answer: A
QUESTION 153
A forensic analyst is reviewing electronic evidence after a robbery. Security cameras installed at
the site were facing the wrong direction to capture the incident. The analyst ensures the cameras
are turned to face the proper direction. Which of the following types of controls is being used?
A. Detective
B. Deterrent
C. Corrective
D. Preventive
Answer: C
QUESTION 154
A security administrator wishes to change their wireless network so that IPSec is built into the
protocol and NAT is no longer required for address range extension. Which of the following
protocols should be used in this scenario?
A. WPA2
B. WPA
C. IPv6
D. IPv4
Answer: C
QUESTION 155
The network administrator is responsible for promoting code to applications on a DMZ web
server. Which of the following processes is being followed to ensure application integrity?
A. Application hardening
B. Application firewall review
C. Application change management
D. Application patch management
Answer: C
QUESTION 156
An IT auditor tests an application as an authenticated user. This is an example of which of the
following types of testing?
A. Penetration
B. White box
C. Black box
D. Gray box
Answer: D
QUESTION 157
The manager has a need to secure physical documents every night, since the company began
enforcing the clean desk policy. The BEST solution would include: (Select TWO).
A. Fire- or water-proof safe.
B. Department door locks.
C. Proximity card.
D. 24-hour security guard.
E. Locking cabinets and drawers.
Answer: AE
QUESTION 158
Which of the following is an important implementation consideration when deploying a wireless
network that uses a shared password?
A. Authentication server
B. Server certificate
C. Key length
D. EAP method
Answer: C
QUESTION 159
Which of the following would satisfy wireless network implementation requirements to use mutual
authentication and usernames and passwords?
A. EAP-MD5
B. WEP
C. PEAP-MSCHAPv2
D. EAP-TLS
Answer: C
QUESTION 160
Some customers have reported receiving an untrusted certificate warning when visiting the
company's website. The administrator ensures that the certificate is not expired and that
customers have trusted the original issuer of the certificate. Which of the following could be
causing the problem?
A. The intermediate CA certificates were not installed on the server.
B. The certificate is not the correct type for a virtual server.
C. The encryption key used in the certificate is too short.
D. The client's browser is trying to negotiate SSL instead of TLS.
Answer: A
QUESTION 161
A security analyst needs to ensure all external traffic is able to access the company's front-end
servers but protect all access to internal resources. Which of the following network design
elements would MOST likely be recommended?
A. DMZ
B. Cloud computing
C. VLAN
D. Virtualization
Answer: A
QUESTION 162
A company's business model was changed to provide more web presence and now its ERM
software is no longer able to support the security needs of the company. The current data center
will continue to provide network and security services. Which of the following network elements
would be used to support the new business model?
A. Software as a Service
B. DMZ
C. Remote access support
D. Infrastructure as a Service
Answer: A
QUESTION 163
Which of the following network devices is used to analyze traffic between various network
interfaces?
A. Proxies
B. Firewalls
C. Content inspection
D. Sniffers
Answer: D
QUESTION 164
Layer 7 devices used to prevent specific types of html tags are called:
A. Firewalls.
B. Content filters.
C. Routers.
D. NIDS.
Answer: B
QUESTION 165
A network administrator needs to provide daily network usage reports on all layer 3 devices
without compromising any data while gathering the information. Which of the following would be
configured to provide these reports?
A. SNMP
B. SNMPv3
C. ICMP
D. SSH
Answer: B
QUESTION 166
A security administrator has been tasked to ensure access to all network equipment is controlled
by a central server such as TACACS+. This type of implementation supports which of the
following risk mitigation strategies?
A. User rights and permissions review
B. Change management
C. Data loss prevention
D. Implement procedures to prevent data theft
Answer: A
QUESTION 167
Company A sends a PGP encrypted file to company B. If company A used company B's public
key to encrypt the file, which of the following should be used to decrypt data at company B?
A. Registration
B. Public key
C. CRLs
D. Private key
Answer: D
QUESTION 168
Which of the following types of authentication solutions use tickets to provide access to various
resources from a central location?
A. Biometrics
B. PKI
C. ACLs
D. Kerberos
Answer: D
QUESTION 169
A corporation is looking to expand their data center but has run out of physical space in which to
store hardware. Which of the following would offer the ability to expand while keeping their
current data center operated by internal staff?
A. Virtualization
B. Subnetting
C. IaaS
D. SaaS
Answer: A
QUESTION 170
After viewing wireless traffic, an attacker notices the following networks are being broadcasted by
local access points:
Corpnet
Coffeeshop
FreePublicWifi
Using this information the attacker spoofs a response to make nearby laptops connect back to a
malicious device. Which of the following has the attacker created?
A. Infrastructure as a Service
B. Load balancer
C. Evil twin
D. Virtualized network
Answer: C
QUESTION 171
Which of the following concepts is enforced by certifying that email communications have been
sent by who the message says it has been sent by?
A. Key escrow
B. Non-repudiation
C. Multifactor authentication
D. Hashing
Answer: B
QUESTION 172
After a recent breach, the security administrator performs a wireless survey of the corporate
network. The security administrator notices a problem with the following output:

MAC               SSID   ENCRYPTION POWER BEACONS
00:10:A1:36:12:CC MYCORP WPA2 CCMP  60 1202
00:10:A1:49:FA:37 MYCORP WPA2 CCMP  70 9102
FB:90:11:42:FA:99 MYCORP WPA2 CCMP  40 3031
00:10:A1:AA:BB:CC MYCORP WPA2 CCMP  55 2021
00:10:A1:FA:B1:07 MYCORP WPA2 CCMP  30 6044

Given that the corporate wireless network has been standardized, which of the following attacks
is underway?
A. Evil twin
B. IV attack
C. Rogue AP
D. DDoS
Answer: A
QUESTION 173
Input validation is an important security defense because it:
A. rejects bad or malformed data.
B. enables verbose error reporting.
C. protects mis-configured web servers.
D. prevents denial of service attacks.
Answer: A
QUESTION 174
In order to maintain oversight of a third party service provider, the company is going to implement
a Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) system. This system is promising to provide overall
security posture coverage. Which of the following is the MOST important activity that should be
considered?
A. Continuous security monitoring
B. Baseline configuration and host hardening
C. Service Level Agreement (SLA) monitoring
D. Security alerting and trending
Answer: A
QUESTION 175
A recent audit of a company's identity management system shows that 30% of active accounts
belong to people no longer with the firm. Which of the following should be performed to help avoid
this scenario? (Select TWO).
A. Automatically disable accounts that have not been utilized for at least 10 days.
B. Utilize automated provisioning and de-provisioning processes where possible.
C. Request that employees provide a list of systems that they have access to prior to leaving the firm.
D. Perform regular user account review / revalidation process.
E. Implement a process where new account creations require management approval.
Answer: BD
QUESTION 176
The Chief Information Officer (CIO) has mandated web based Customer Relationship
Management (CRM) business functions be moved offshore to reduce cost, reduce IT overheads,
and improve availability. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) has agreed with the CIO's direction but
has mandated that key authentication systems be run within the organization's network. Which of
the following would BEST meet the CIO and CRO's requirements?
A. Software as a Service
B. Infrastructure as a Service
C. Platform as a Service
D. Hosted virtualization service
Answer: A
QUESTION 177
Which of the following provides the BEST application availability and is easily expanded as
demand grows?
A. Server virtualization
B. Load balancing
C. Active-Passive Cluster
D. RAID 6
Answer: B
QUESTION 178
An administrator connects VoIP phones to the same switch as the network PCs and printers.
Which of the following would provide the BEST logical separation of these three device types
while still allowing traffic between them via ACL?
A. Create three VLANs on the switch connected to a router
B. Define three subnets, configure each device to use their own dedicated IP address range, and then
connect the network to a router
C. Install a firewall and connect it to the switch
D. Install a firewall and connect it to a dedicated switch for each device type
Answer: A
QUESTION 179
Which of the following wireless security measures can an attacker defeat by spoofing certain
properties of their network interface card?
A. WEP
B. MAC filtering
C. Disabled SSID broadcast
D. TKIP
Answer: B
QUESTION 180
Which of the following provides additional encryption strength by repeating the encryption
process with additional keys?
A. AES
B. 3DES
C. TwoFish
D. Blowfish
Answer: B
QUESTION 181
Which of the following BEST describes part of the PKI process?
A. User1 decrypts data with User2's private key
B. User1 hashes data with User2's public key
C. User1 hashes data with User2's private key
D. User1 encrypts data with User2's public key
Answer: D
QUESTION 182
Two members of the finance department have access to sensitive information. The company is
concerned they may work together to steal information. Which of the following controls could be
implemented to discover if they are working together?
A. Least privilege access
B. Separation of duties
C. Mandatory access control
D. Mandatory vacations
Answer: D
QUESTION 183
A system administrator attempts to ping a hostname and the response is 2001:4860:0:2001::68.
Which of the following replies has the administrator received?
A. The loopback address
B. The local MAC address
C. IPv4 address
D. IPv6 address
Answer: D
QUESTION 184
Which of the following allows a network administrator to implement an access control policy
based on individual user characteristics and NOT on job function?
A. Attributes based
B. Implicit deny
C. Role based
D. Rule based
Answer: A
QUESTION 185
Which of the following is a best practice when a mistake is made during a forensics examination?
A. The examiner should verify the tools before, during, and after an examination.
B. The examiner should attempt to hide the mistake during cross-examination.
C. The examiner should document the mistake and workaround the problem.
D. The examiner should disclose the mistake and assess another area of the disc.
Answer: C
QUESTION 186
Which of the following allows lower level domains to access resources in a separate Public Key
Infrastructure?
A. Trust Model
B. Recovery Agent
C. Public Key
D. Private Key
Answer: A
QUESTION 187
Which of the following offers the LEAST secure encryption capabilities?
A. TwoFish
B. PAP
C. NTLM
D. CHAP
Answer: B
QUESTION 188
Which of the following network architecture concepts is used to securely isolate at the boundary
between networks?
A. VLAN
B. Subnetting
C. DMZ
D. NAT
Answer: C
QUESTION 189
Datacenter access is controlled with proximity badges that record all entries and exits from the
datacenter. The access records are used to identify which staff members accessed the data
center in the event of equipment theft. Which of the following MUST be prevented in order for this
policy to be effective?
A. Password reuse
B. Phishing
C. Social engineering
D. Tailgating
Answer: D
QUESTION 190
Elastic cloud computing environments often reuse the same physical hardware for multiple
customers over time as virtual machines are instantiated and deleted. This has important
implications for which of the following data security concerns?
A. Hardware integrity
B. Data confidentiality
C. Availability of servers
D. Integrity of data
Answer: B
QUESTION 191
When implementing fire suppression controls in a datacenter it is important to:
A. Select a fire suppression system which protects equipment but may harm technicians.
B. Ensure proper placement of sprinkler lines to avoid accidental leakage onto servers.
C. Integrate maintenance procedures to include regularly discharging the system.
D. Use a system with audible alarms to ensure technicians have 20 minutes to evacuate.
Answer: B
QUESTION 192
Vendors typically ship software applications with security settings disabled by default to ensure a
wide range of interoperability with other applications and devices. A security administrator should
perform which of the following before deploying new software?
A. Application white listing
B. Network penetration testing
C. Application hardening
D. Input fuzzing testing
Answer: C
QUESTION 193
A technician is deploying virtual machines for multiple customers on a single physical host to
reduce power consumption in a data center. Which of the following should be recommended to
isolate the VMs from one another?
A. Implement a virtual firewall
B. Install HIPS on each VM
C. Virtual switches with VLANs
D. Develop a patch management guide
Answer: C
QUESTION 194
Mandatory vacations are a security control which can be used to uncover which of the following?
A. Fraud committed by a system administrator
B. Poor password security among users
C. The need for additional security staff
D. Software vulnerabilities in vendor code
Answer: A
QUESTION 195
Each server on a subnet is configured to only allow SSH access from the administrator's
workstation. Which of the following BEST describes this implementation?
A. Host-based firewalls
B. Network firewalls
C. Network proxy
D. Host intrusion prevention
Answer: A
QUESTION 196
During a security assessment, an administrator wishes to see which services are running on a
remote server. Which of the following should the administrator use?
A. Port scanner
B. Network sniffer
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Process list
Answer: A
QUESTION 197
In which of the following categories would creating a corporate privacy policy, drafting acceptable
use policies, and group based access control be classified?
A. Security control frameworks
B. Best practice
C. Access control methodologies
D. Compliance activity
Answer: B
QUESTION 198
Disabling unnecessary services, restricting administrative access, and enabling auditing controls
on a server are forms of which of the following?
A. Application patch management
B. Cross-site scripting prevention
C. Creating a security baseline
D. System hardening
Answer: D
QUESTION 199
A system administrator has noticed vulnerability on a high impact production server. A recent
update was made available by the vendor that addresses the vulnerability but requires a reboot of
the system afterwards. Which of the following steps should the system administrator implement to
address the vulnerability?
A. Test the update in a lab environment, schedule downtime to install the patch, install the patch and
reboot the server and monitor for any changes
B. Test the update in a lab environment, backup the server, schedule downtime to install the patch, install
the patch, and monitor for any changes
C. Test the update in a lab environment, backup the server, schedule downtime to install the patch, install
the update, reboot the server, and monitor for any changes
D. Backup the server, schedule downtime to install the patch, installs the patch and monitor for any changes
Answer: C
QUESTION 200
Which of the following services are used to support authentication services for several local
devices from a central location without the use of tokens?
A. TACACS+
B. Smartcards
C. Biometrics
D. Kerberos
Answer: A
QUESTION 201
A network administrator has recently updated their network devices to ensure redundancy is in
place so that:
A. switches can redistribute routes across the network.
B. environmental monitoring can be performed.
C. single points of failure are removed.
D. hot and cold aisles are functioning.
Answer: C
QUESTION 202
A network administrator recently updated various network devices to ensure redundancy
throughout the network. If an interface on any of the Layer 3 devices were to go down, traffic will
still pass through another interface and the production environment would be unaffected. This
type of configuration represents which of the following concepts?
A. High availability
B. Load balancing
C. Backout contingency plan
D. Clustering
Answer: A
QUESTION 203
A system administrator needs to ensure that certain departments have more restrictive controls to
their shared folders than other departments. Which of the following security controls would be
implemented to restrict those departments?
A. User assigned privileges
B. Password disablement
C. Multiple account creation
D. Group based privileges
Answer: D
QUESTION 204
A network analyst received a number of reports that impersonation was taking place on the
network. Session tokens were deployed to mitigate this issue and defend against which of the
following attacks?
A. Replay
B. DDoS
C. Smurf
D. Ping of Death
Answer: A
QUESTION 205
Which of the following controls would prevent an employee from emailing unencrypted
information to their personal email account over the corporate network?
A. DLP
B. CRL
C. TPM
D. HSM
Answer: A
QUESTION 206
Which of the following is a measure of biometrics performance which rates the ability of a system
to correctly authenticate an authorized user?
A. Failure to capture
B. Type II
C. Mean time to register
D. Template capacity
Answer: B
QUESTION 207
A company with a US-based sales force has requested that the VPN system be configured to
authenticate the sales team based on their username, password and a client side certificate.
Additionally, the security administrator has restricted the VPN to only allow authentication from
the US territory. How many authentication factors are in use by the VPN system?
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4
Answer: C
QUESTION 208
A software development company wants to implement a digital rights management solution to
protect its intellectual property. Which of the following should the company implement to enforce
software digital rights?
A. Transport encryption
B. IPsec
C. Non-repudiation
D. Public key infrastructure
Answer: D
QUESTION 209
Users are unable to connect to the web server at IP 192.168.0.20. Which of the following can be
inferred of a firewall that is configured ONLY with the following ACL?
A. It implements stateful packet filtering.
B. It implements bottom-up processing.
C. It failed closed.
D. It implements an implicit deny.
Answer: D
QUESTION 210
Which of the following security awareness training is BEST suited for data owners who are
concerned with protecting the confidentiality of their data?
A. Social networking use training
B. Personally owned device policy training
C. Tailgating awareness policy training
D. Information classification training
Answer: D
QUESTION 211
A security administrator is concerned about the strength of user's passwords. The company does
not want to implement a password complexity policy. Which of the following can the security
administrator implement to mitigate the risk of an online password attack against users with weak
passwords?
A. Increase the password length requirements
B. Increase the password history
C. Shorten the password expiration period
D. Decrease the account lockout time
Answer: C
QUESTION 212
A company has purchased an application that integrates into their enterprise user directory for
account authentication. Users are still prompted to type in their usernames and passwords.
Which of the following types of authentication is being utilized here?
A. Separation of duties
B. Least privilege
C. Same sign-on
D. Single sign-on
Answer: C
QUESTION 213
Which of the following are Data Loss Prevention (DLP) strategies that address data in transit
issues? (Select TWO).
A. Scanning printing of documents.
B. Scanning of outbound IM (Instance Messaging).
C. Scanning copying of documents to USB.
D. Scanning of SharePoint document library.
E. Scanning of shared drives.
F. Scanning of HTTP user traffic.
Answer: BF
QUESTION 214
A user casually browsing the Internet is redirected to a warez site where a number of pop-ups
appear. After clicking on a pop-up to complete a survey, a drive-by download occurs. Which of
the following is MOST likely to be contained in the download?
A. Backdoor
B. Spyware
C. Logic bomb
D. DDoS
E. Smurf
Answer: B
QUESTION 215
A security administrator plans on replacing a critical business application in five years. Recently,
there was a security flaw discovered in the application that will cause the IT department to
manually re-enable user accounts each month at a cost of $2,000. Patching the application today
would cost $140,000 and take two months to implement. Which of the following should the
security administrator do in regards to the application?
A. Avoid the risk to the user base allowing them to re-enable their own accounts
B. Mitigate the risk by patching the application to increase security and saving money
C. Transfer the risk replacing the application now instead of in five years
D. Accept the risk and continue to enable the accounts each month saving money
Answer: D
QUESTION 216
The IT department has setup a share point site to be used on the intranet. Security has
established the groups and permissions on the site. No one may modify the permissions and all
requests for access are centrally managed by the security team. This is an example of which of
the following control types?
A. Rule based access control
B. Mandatory access control
C. User assigned privilege
D. Discretionary access control
Answer: D
QUESTION 217
Purchasing receives a phone call from a vendor asking for a payment over the phone. The phone
number displayed on the caller ID matches the vendor's number. When the purchasing agent
asks to call the vendor back, they are given a different phone number with a different area code.
Which of the following attack types is this?
A. Hoax
B. Impersonation
C. Spear phishing
D. Whaling
Answer: B
QUESTION 218
Purchasing receives an automated phone call from a bank asking to input and verify credit card
information. The phone number displayed on the caller ID matches the bank. Which of the
following attack types is this?
A. Hoax
B. Phishing
C. Vishing
D. Whaling
Answer: C
QUESTION 219
The IT department has setup a website with a series of questions to allow end users to reset their
own accounts. Which of the following account management practices does this help?
A. Account Disablements
B. Password Expiration
C. Password Complexity
D. Password Recovery
Answer: D
QUESTION 220
An information bank has been established to store contacts, phone numbers and other records. A
UNIX application needs to connect to the index server using port 389. Which of the following
authentication services should be used on this port by default?
A. RADIUS
B. Kerberos
C. TACACS+
D. LDAP
Answer: D
QUESTION 221
An internal auditor is concerned with privilege creep that is associated with transfers inside the
company. Which mitigation measure would detect and correct this?
A. User rights reviews
B. Least privilege and job rotation
C. Change management
D. Change Control
Answer: A
QUESTION 222
Which of the following is the default port for TFTP?
A. 20
B. 69
C. 21
D. 68
Answer: B
QUESTION 223
Which of the following concepts are included on the three sides of the "security triangle"? (Select
THREE).
A. Confidentiality
B. Availability
C. Integrity
D. Authorization
E. Authentication
F. Continuity
Answer: ABC
QUESTION 224
Which of the following concepts allows an organization to group large numbers of servers
together in order to deliver a common service?
A. Clustering
B. RAID
C. Backup Redundancy
D. Cold site
Answer: A
QUESTION 225
Which of the following security concepts identifies input variables which are then used to perform
boundary testing?
A. Application baseline
B. Application hardening
C. Secure coding
D. Fuzzing
Answer: D
QUESTION 226
Users need to exchange a shared secret to begin communicating securely. Which of the following
is another name for this symmetric key?
A. Session Key
B. Public Key
C. Private Key
D. Digital Signature
Answer: A
QUESTION 227
Which of the following cryptographic related browser settings allows an organization to
communicate securely?
A. SSL 3.0/TLS 1.0
B. 3DES
C. Trusted Sites
D. HMAC
Answer: A
QUESTION 228
Which of the following is the BEST reason to provide user awareness and training programs for
organizational staff?
A. To ensure proper use of social media
B. To reduce organizational IT risk
C. To detail business impact analyses
D. To train staff on zero-days
Answer: B
QUESTION 229
A firewall technician has been instructed to disable all non-secure ports on a corporate firewall.
The technician has blocked traffic on port 21, 69, 80, and 137-139. The technician has allowed
traffic on ports 22 and 443. Which of the following correctly lists the protocols blocked and
allowed?
A. Blocked: TFTP, HTTP, NetBIOS; Allowed: HTTPS, FTP
B. Blocked: FTP, TFTP, HTTP, NetBIOS; Allowed: SFTP, SSH, SCP, HTTPS
C. Blocked: SFTP, TFTP, HTTP, NetBIOS; Allowed: SSH, SCP, HTTPS
D. Blocked: FTP, HTTP, HTTPS; Allowed: SFTP, SSH, SCP, NetBIOS
Answer: B
QUESTION 230
A security administrator is responsible for performing periodic reviews of user permission settings
due to high turnover and internal transfers at a corporation. Which of the following BEST
describes the procedure and security rationale for performing such reviews?
A. Review all user permissions and group memberships to ensure only the minimum set of permissions
required to perform a job is assigned.
B. Review the permissions of all transferred users to ensure new permissions are granted so the employee
can work effectively.
C. Ensure all users have adequate permissions and appropriate group memberships, so the volume of
help desk calls is reduced.
D. Ensure former employee accounts have no permissions so that they cannot access any network file stores
and resources.
Answer: A
QUESTION 231
A system administrator is responding to a legal order to turn over all logs from all company
servers. The system administrator records the system time of all servers to ensure that:
A. HDD hashes are accurate.
B. the NTP server works properly.
C. chain of custody is preserved.
D. time offset can be calculated.
Answer: D
QUESTION 232
While rarely enforced, mandatory vacation policies are effective at uncovering:
A. Help desk technicians with oversight by multiple supervisors and detailed quality control systems.
B. Collusion between two employees who perform the same business function.
C. Acts of incompetence by a systems engineer designing complex architectures as a member of a team.
D. Acts of gross negligence on the part of system administrators with unfettered access to system and no oversight.
Answer: D
QUESTION 233
A company hires outside security experts to evaluate the security status of the corporate network.
All of the company's IT resources are outdated and prone to crashing. The company requests
that all testing be performed in a way which minimizes the risk of system failures. Which of the
following types of testing does the company want performed?
A. Penetration testing
B. WAF testing
C. Vulnerability scanning
D. White box testing
Answer: C
QUESTION 234
A security administrator notices that a specific network administrator is making unauthorized
changes to the firewall every Saturday morning. Which of the following would be used to mitigate
this issue so that only security administrators can make changes to the firewall?
A. Mandatory vacations
B. Job rotation
C. Least privilege
D. Time of day restrictions
Answer: C
QUESTION 235
A security administrator notices large amounts of traffic within the network heading out to an
external website. The website seems to be a fake bank site with a phone number that when
called, asks for sensitive information. After further investigation, the security administrator notices
that a fake link was sent to several users. This is an example of which of the following attacks?
A. Vishing
B. Phishing
C. Whaling
D. SPAM
E. SPIM
Answer: B
QUESTION 236
After a user performed a war driving attack, the network administrator noticed several similar
markings where WiFi was available throughout the enterprise. Which of the following is the term
used to describe these markings?
A. IV attack
B. War dialing
C. Rogue access points
D. War chalking
Answer: D
QUESTION 237
The system administrator notices that their application is no longer able to keep up with the large
amounts of traffic their server is receiving daily. Several packets are dropped and sometimes the
server is taken offline. Which of the following would be a possible solution to look into to ensure
their application remains secure and available?
A. Cloud computing
B. Full disk encryption
C. Data Loss Prevention
D. HSM
Answer: A
QUESTION 238
After a recent internal audit, the security administrator was tasked to ensure that all credentials
must be changed within 90 days, cannot be repeated, and cannot contain any dictionary words or
patterns. All credentials will remain enabled regardless of the number of attempts made. Which of
the following types of user account options were enforced? (Select TWO).
A. Recovery
B. User assigned privileges
C. Lockout
D. Disablement
E. Group based privileges
F. Password expiration
G. Password complexity
Answer: FG
QUESTION 239
A security analyst has been notified that trade secrets are being leaked from one of the
executives in the corporation. When reviewing this executive's laptop they notice several pictures
of the employee's pets are on the hard drive and on a cloud storage network. When the analyst
hashes the images on the hard drive against the hashes on the cloud network they do not match.
Which of the following describes how the employee is leaking these secrets?
A. Social engineering
B. Steganography
C. Hashing
D. Digital signatures
Answer: B
QUESTION 240
During a routine audit a web server is flagged for allowing the use of weak ciphers. Which of the
following should be disabled to mitigate this risk? (Select TWO).
A. SSL 1.0
B. RC4
C. SSL 3.0
D. AES
E. DES
F. TLS 1.0
Answer: AE
QUESTION 241
Review the following diagram depicting communication between PC1 and PC2 on each side of a
router. Analyze the network traffic logs which show communication between the two computers
as captured by the computer with IP 10.2.2.10.
Given the above information, which of the following can be inferred about the above
environment?
A. 192.168.1.30 is a web server.
B. The web server listens on a non-standard port.
C. The router filters port 80 traffic.
D. The router implements NAT.
Answer: D
QUESTION 242
The Chief Information Officer (CIO) wants to implement a redundant server location to which the
production server images can be moved within 48 hours and services can be quickly restored, in
case of a catastrophic failure of the primary datacenter's HVAC. Which of the following can be
implemented?
A. Cold site
B. Load balancing
C. Warm site
D. Hot site
Answer: C
QUESTION 243
The security administrator is observing unusual network behavior from a workstation. The
workstation is communicating with a known malicious destination over an encrypted tunnel. A full
antivirus scan, with an updated antivirus definition file, does not show any signs of infection.
Which of the following has happened on the workstation?
A. Zero-day attack
B. Known malware infection
C. Session hijacking
D. Cookie stealing
Answer: A
QUESTION 244
Which of the following controls can be used to prevent the disclosure of sensitive information
stored on a mobile device's removable media in the event that the device is lost or stolen?
A. Hashing
B. Screen locks
C. Device password
D. Encryption
Answer: D
QUESTION 245
Which of the following should be performed to increase the availability of IP telephony by
prioritizing traffic?
A. Subnetting
B. NAT
C. Quality of service
D. NAC
Answer: C
QUESTION 246
A malicious program modified entries in the LMHOSTS file of an infected system. Which of the
following protocols would have been affected by this?
A. ICMP
B. BGP
C. NetBIOS
D. DNS
Answer: C
QUESTION 247
A victim is logged onto a popular home router forum site in order to troubleshoot some router
configuration issues. The router is a fairly standard configuration and has an IP address of
192.168.1.1. The victim is logged into their router administrative interface in one tab and clicks a
forum link in another tab. Due to clicking the forum link, the home router reboots. Which of the
following attacks MOST likely occurred?
A. Brute force password attack
B. Cross-site request forgery
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Fuzzing
Answer: B
QUESTION 248
Which of the following assets is MOST likely considered for DLP?
A. Application server content
B. USB mass storage devices
C. Reverse proxy
D. Print server
Answer: B
QUESTION 249
In order to securely communicate using PGP, the sender of an email must do which of the
following when sending an email to a recipient for the first time?
A. Import the recipient's public key
B. Import the recipient's private key
C. Export the sender's private key
D. Export the sender's public key
Answer: A
QUESTION 250
A hacker has discovered a simple way to disrupt business for the day in a small company which
relies on staff working remotely. In a matter of minutes the hacker was able to deny remotely
working staff access to company systems with a script. Which of the following security controls is
the hacker exploiting?
A. DoS
B. Account lockout
C. Password recovery
D. Password complexity
Answer: B
QUESTION 251
A security specialist has been asked to evaluate a corporate network by performing a vulnerability
assessment. Which of the following will MOST likely be performed?
A. Identify vulnerabilities, check applicability of vulnerabilities by passively testing security controls.
B. Verify vulnerabilities exist, bypass security controls and exploit the vulnerabilities.
C. Exploit security controls to determine vulnerabilities and mis-configurations.
D. Bypass security controls and identify applicability of vulnerabilities by passively testing security controls.
Answer: A
QUESTION 252
A security technician is attempting to access a wireless network protected with WEP. The
technician does not know any information about the network. Which of the following should the
technician do to gather information about the configuration of the wireless network?
A. Spoof the MAC address of an observed wireless network client
B. Ping the access point to discover the SSID of the network
C. Perform a dictionary attack on the access point to enumerate the WEP key
D. Capture client to access point disassociation packets to replay on the local PC's loopback
Answer: A
QUESTION 253
After an assessment, auditors recommended that an application hosting company should contract
with additional data providers for redundant high speed Internet connections. Which of the
following is MOST likely the reason for this recommendation? (Select TWO).
A. To allow load balancing for cloud support
B. To allow for business continuity if one provider goes out of business
C. To eliminate a single point of failure
D. To allow for a hot site in case of disaster
E. To improve intranet communication speeds
Answer: BC
QUESTION 254
A router has a single Ethernet connection to a switch. In the router configuration, the Ethernet
interface has three sub-interfaces, each configured with ACLs applied to them and 802.1q trunks.
Which of the following is MOST likely the reason for the sub-interfaces?
A. The network uses the subnet of 255.255.255.128.
B. The switch has several VLANs configured on it.
C. The sub-interfaces are configured for VoIP traffic.
D. The sub-interfaces each implement quality of service.
Answer: B
QUESTION 255
Which of the following should be enabled in a laptop's BIOS prior to full disk encryption?
A. USB
B. HSM
C. RAID
D. TPM
Answer: D
QUESTION 256
Company employees are required to have workstation client certificates to access a bank
website. These certificates were backed up as a precautionary step before the new computer
upgrade. After the upgrade and restoration, users state they can access the bank's website, but
not login. Which is the following is MOST likely the issue?
A. The IP addresses of the clients have change
B. The client certificate passwords have expired on the server
C. The certificates have not been installed on the workstations
D. The certificates have been installed on the CA
Answer: C
QUESTION 257
Digital Signatures provide which of the following?
A. Confidentiality
B. Authorization
C. Integrity
D. Authentication
E. Availability
Answer: C
QUESTION 258
A user ID and password together provide which of the following?
A. Authorization
B. Auditing
C. Authentication
D. Identification
Answer: C
QUESTION 259
RADIUS provides which of the following?
A. Authentication, Authorization, Availability
B. Authentication, Authorization, Auditing
C. Authentication, Accounting, Auditing
D. Authentication, Authorization, Accounting
Answer: D
QUESTION 260
A recent intrusion has resulted in the need to perform incident response procedures. The incident
response team has identified audit logs throughout the network and organizational systems which
hold details of the security breach. Prior to this incident, a security consultant informed the
company that they needed to implement an NTP server on the network. Which of the following is
a problem that the incident response team will likely encounter during their assessment?
A. Chain of custody
B. Tracking man hours
C. Record time offset
D. Capture video traffic
Answer: C
QUESTION 261
In order for network monitoring to work properly, you need a PC and a network card running in
what mode?
A. Launch
B. Exposed
C. Promiscuous
D. Sweep
Answer: C
QUESTION 262
Which of the following utilities can be used in Linux to view a list of users' failed authentication
attempts?
A. badlog
B. faillog
C. wronglog
D. killlog
Answer: B
QUESTION 263
A periodic update that corrects problems in one version of a product is called a
A. Hotfix
B. Overhaul
C. Service pack
D. Security update
Answer: C
QUESTION 264
A user has received an email from an external source which asks for details on the company's
new product line set for release in one month. The user has a detailed spec sheet but it is marked
"Internal Proprietary Information". Which of the following should the user do NEXT?
A. Contact their manager and request guidance on how to best move forward
B. Contact the help desk and/or incident response team to determine next steps
C. Provide the requestor with the email information since it will be released soon anyway
D. Reply back to the requestor to gain their contact information and call them
Answer: B
QUESTION 265
Which of the following techniques enables a highly secured organization to assess security
weaknesses in real time?
A. Access control lists
B. Continuous monitoring
C. Video surveillance
D. Baseline reporting
Answer: B
QUESTION 266
Which of the following techniques can be used to prevent the disclosure of system information
resulting from arbitrary inputs when implemented properly?
A. Fuzzing
B. Patch management
C. Error handling
D. Strong passwords
Answer: C
QUESTION 267
Encryption of data at rest is important for sensitive information because of which of the following?
A. Facilitates tier 2 support, by preventing users from changing the OS
B. Renders the recovery of data harder in the event of user password loss
C. Allows the remote removal of data following eDiscovery requests
D. Prevents data from being accessed following theft of physical equipment
Answer: D
QUESTION 268
Which of the following is synonymous with a server's certificate?
A. Public key
B. CRL
C. Private key
D. Recovery agent
Answer: A
QUESTION 269
A network administrator noticed various chain messages have been received by the company.
Which of the following security controls would need to be implemented to mitigate this issue?
A. Anti-spam
B. Antivirus
C. Host-based firewalls
D. Anti-spyware
Answer: A
QUESTION 270
Which of the following types of application attacks would be used to specifically gain unauthorized
information from databases that did not have any input validation implemented?
A. SQL injection
B. Session hijacking and XML injection
C. Cookies and attachments
D. Buffer overflow and XSS
Answer: A
QUESTION 271
Which of the following should be deployed to prevent the transmission of malicious traffic
between virtual machines hosted on a singular physical device on a network?
A. HIPS on each virtual machine
B. NIPS on the network
C. NIDS on the network
D. HIDS on each virtual machine
Answer: A
QUESTION 272
A security administrator wants to get a real time look at what attackers are doing in the wild,
hoping to lower the risk of zero-day attacks. Which of the following should be used to accomplish
this goal?
A. Penetration testing
B. Honeynets
C. Vulnerability scanning
D. Baseline reporting
Answer: B
QUESTION 273
Which of the following protocols is the security administrator observing in this packet capture?
12:33:43, SRC 192.168.4.3:3389, DST 10.67.33.20:8080, SYN/ACK
A. HTTPS
B. RDP
C. HTTP
D. SFTP
Answer: B
QUESTION 274
Which of the following is true about asymmetric encryption?
A. A message encrypted with the private key can be decrypted by the same key
B. A message encrypted with the public key can be decrypted with a shared key.
C. A message encrypted with a shared key, can be decrypted by the same key.
D. A message encrypted with the public key can be decrypted with the private key.
Answer: D
QUESTION 275
Which of the following is true about an email that was signed by User A and sent to User B?
A. User A signed with User B's private key and User B verified with their own public key.
B. User A signed with their own private key and User B verified with User A's public key.
C. User A signed with User B's public key and User B verified with their own private key.
D. User A signed with their own public key and User B verified with User A's private key.
Answer: B
QUESTION 276
The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is concerned with moving an application to a SaaS cloud
provider. Which of the following can be implemented to provide for data confidentiality assurance
during and after the migration to the cloud?
A. HPM technology
B. Full disk encryption
C. DLP policy
D. TPM technology
Answer: C
QUESTION 277
Which of the following protocols encapsulates an IP packet with an additional IP header?
A. SFTP
B. IPSec
C. HTTPS
D. SSL
Answer: B
QUESTION 278
A program has been discovered that infects a critical Windows system executable and stays
dormant in memory. When a Windows mobile phone is connected to the host, the program infects
the phone's boot loader and continues to target additional Windows PCs or phones. Which of the
following malware categories BEST describes this program?
A. Zero-day
B. Trojan
C. Virus
D. Rootkit
Answer: C
QUESTION 279
A user has unknowingly gone to a fraudulent site. The security analyst notices the following
system change on the user's host:
Which of the following attacks has taken place?
A. Spear phishing
B. Pharming
C. Phishing
D. Vishing
Answer: B
QUESTION 280
An investigator recently discovered that an attacker placed a remotely accessible CCTV camera
in a public area overlooking several Automatic Teller Machines (ATMs). It is also believed that
user accounts belonging to ATM operators may have been compromised. Which of the following
attacks has MOST likely taken place?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Dumpster diving
C. Whaling attack
D. Vishing attack
Answer: A
QUESTION 281
A user commuting to work via public transport received an offensive image on their smart phone
from another commuter. Which of the following attacks MOST likely took place?
A. War chalking
B. Bluejacking
C. War driving
D. Bluesnarfing
Answer: B
QUESTION 282
An attacker attempted to compromise a web form by inserting the following input into the
username field:

admin)(|(password=*))

Which of the following types of attacks was attempted?
A. SQL injection
B. Cross-site scripting
C. Command injection
D. LDAP injection
Answer: D
QUESTION 283
Which of the following is BEST carried out immediately after a security breach is discovered?
A. Risk transference
B. Access control revalidation
C. Change management
D. Incident management
Answer: D
QUESTION 284
Which of the following BEST describes the type of attack that is occurring?


A. Format not supported, press ENTER to continue3:32 PM 8/20/2018
Answer:
QUESTION 285
Which of the following BEST describes the type of attack that is occurring? (Select TWO).



A. DNS spoofing
B. Man-in-the-middle
C. Backdoor
D. Replay
E. ARP attack
F. Spear phishing
G. Xmas attack
Answer: AE
QUESTION 286
Which of the following is a hardware-based security technology included in a computer?
A. Symmetric key
B. Asymmetric key
C. Whole disk encryption
D. Trusted platform module
Answer: D
QUESTION 287
Pete, an employee, attempts to visit a popular social networking site but is blocked. Instead, a
page is displayed notifying him that this site cannot be visited. Which of the following is MOST
likely blocking Pete's access to this site?
A. Internet content filter
B. Firewall
C. Proxy server
D. Protocol analyzer
Answer: A
QUESTION 288
How often, at a MINIMUM, should Sara, an administrator, review the accesses and right of the
users on her system?
A. Annually
B. Immediately after an employee is terminated
C. Every five years
D. Every time they patch the server
Answer: A
QUESTION 289
An administrator is concerned that a company's web server has not been patched. Which of the
following would be the BEST assessment for the administrator to perform?
A. Vulnerability scan
B. Risk assessment
C. Virus scan
D. Network sniffer
Answer: A
QUESTION 290
An administrator notices that former temporary employees' accounts are still active on a domain.
Which of the following can be implemented to increase security and prevent this from happening?
A. Implement a password expiration policy.
B. Implement an account expiration date for permanent employees.
C. Implement time of day restrictions for all temporary employees.
D. Run a last logon script to look for inactive accounts.
Answer: D
QUESTION 291
A trojan was recently discovered on a server. There are now concerns that there has been a
security breach that allows unauthorized people to access data. The administrator should be
looking for the presence of a/an:
A. Logic bomb.
B. Backdoor.
C. Adware application.
D. Rootkit.
Answer: B
QUESTION 292
Which of the following protocols uses TCP instead of UDP and is incompatible with all previous
versions?
A. TACACS
B. XTACACS
C. RADIUS
D. TACACS+
Answer: D
QUESTION 293
Which of the following symmetric key algorithms are examples of block ciphers? (Select THREE).
A. RC4
B. 3DES
C. AES
D. MD5
E. PGP
F. Blowfish
Answer: BCF
QUESTION 294
Drag and Drop Questions
Drag and drop the correct protocol to its default port.
A. Non-supported format.  Press Enter to skip
Answer:
QUESTION 295
Drag and Drop Questions
A forensic analyst is asked to respond to an ongoing network attack on a server. Place the items
in the list below in the correct order in which the forensic analyst should preserve them.
A. Non-supported format.  Press Enter to skip
Answer:
QUESTION 296
Which of the following must be kept secret for a public key infrastructure to remain secure?
A. Certificate Authority
B. Certificate revocation list
C. Public key ring
D. Private key
Answer: D
QUESTION 297
Which of the following devices is BEST suited to protect an HTTP-based application that is
susceptible to injection attacks?
A. Protocol filter
B. Load balancer
C. NIDS
D. Layer 7 firewall
Answer: D
QUESTION 298
Which of the following is best practice to put at the end of an ACL?
A. Implicit deny
B. Time of day restrictions
C. Implicit allow
D. SNMP string
Answer: A
QUESTION 299
An achievement in providing worldwide Internet security was the signing of certificates associated
with which of the following protocols?
A. TCP/IP
B. SSL
C. SCP
D. SSH
Answer: B
QUESTION 300
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) wants to implement two-factor authentication within
the company. Which of the following would fulfill the CISO's requirements?
A. Username and password
B. Retina scan and fingerprint scan
C. USB token and PIN
D. Proximity badge and token
Answer: C
QUESTION 301
Which of the following can a security administrator implement on mobile devices that will help
prevent unwanted people from viewing the data if the device is left unattended?
A. Screen lock
B. Voice encryption
C. GPS tracking
D. Device encryption
Answer: A
QUESTION 302
Which of the following security concepts can prevent a user from logging on from home during
the weekends?
A. Time of day restrictions
B. Multifactor authentication
C. Implicit deny
D. Common access card
Answer: A
QUESTION 303
Which of the following would provide the STRONGEST encryption?
A. Random one-time pad
B. DES with a 56-bit key
C. AES with a 256-bit key
D. RSA with a 1024-bit key
Answer: A
QUESTION 304
During a server audit, a security administrator does not notice abnormal activity. However, a
network security analyst notices connections to unauthorized ports from outside the corporate
network. Using specialized tools, the network security analyst also notices hidden processes
running. Which of the following has MOST likely been installed on the server?
A. SPIM
B. Backdoor
C. Logic bomb
D. Rootkit
Answer: D
QUESTION 305
A security administrator wants to ensure that the message the administrator sends out to their
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) does not get changed in route. Which of the following is the
administrator MOST concerned with?
A. Data confidentiality
B. High availability
C. Data integrity
D. Business continuity
Answer: C
QUESTION 306
Which of the following can be performed when an element of the company policy cannot be
enforced by technical means?
A. Develop a set of standards
B. Separation of duties
C. Develop a privacy policy
D. User training
Answer: D
QUESTION 307
Timestamps and sequence numbers act as countermeasures against which of the following types
of attacks?
A. Smurf
B. DoS
C. Vishing
D. Replay
Answer: D
QUESTION 308
Which of the following would be used as a secure substitute for Telnet?
A. SSH
B. SFTP
C. SSL
D. HTTPS
Answer: A
QUESTION 309
Which of the following is described as an attack against an application using a malicious file?
A. Client side attack
B. Spam
C. Impersonation attack
D. Phishing attack
Answer: A
QUESTION 310
Which of the following assessment techniques would a security administrator implement to
ensure that systems and software are developed properly?
A. Baseline reporting
B. Input validation
C. Determine attack surface
D. Design reviews
Answer: D
QUESTION 311
Which of the following would a security administrator implement in order to identify a problem
between two applications that are not communicating properly?
A. Protocol analyzer
B. Baseline report
C. Risk assessment
D. Vulnerability scan
Answer: A
QUESTION 312
Which of the following would a security administrator implement in order to identify change from
the standard configuration on a server?
A. Penetration test
B. Code review
C. Baseline review
D. Design review
Answer: C
QUESTION 313
Which of the following tools would a security administrator use in order to identify all running
services throughout an organization?
A. Architectural review
B. Penetration test
C. Port scanner
D. Design review
Answer: C
QUESTION 314
Which of the following protocols provides transport security for virtual terminal emulation?
A. TLS
B. SSH
C. SCP
D. S/MIME
Answer: B
QUESTION 315
Based on information leaked to industry websites, business management is concerned that
unauthorized employees are accessing critical project information for a major, well-known new
product. To identify any such users, the security administrator could:
A. Set up a honeypot and place false project documentation on an unsecure share.
B. Block access to the project documentation using a firewall.
C. Increase antivirus coverage of the project servers.
D. Apply security updates and harden the OS on all project servers.
Answer: A
QUESTION 316
Which of the following is an indication of an ongoing current problem?
A. Alert
B. Trend
C. Alarm
D. Trap
Answer: C
QUESTION 317
Which of the following a programming interface that allows a remote computer to run programs
on a local machine?
A. RPC
B. RSH
C. SSH
D. SSL
Answer: A
QUESTION 318
Which of the following is the term for a fix for a known software problem?
A. Skiff
B. Patch
C. Slipstream
D. Upgrade
Answer: B
QUESTION 319
Connections using point-to-point protocol authenticate using which of the following? (Select
TWO).
A. RIPEMD
B. PAP
C. CHAP
D. RC4
E. Kerberos
Answer: BC
QUESTION 320
Which of the following will help prevent smurf attacks?
A. Allowing necessary UDP packets in and out of the network
B. Disabling directed broadcast on border routers
C. Disabling unused services on the gateway firewall
D. Flash the BIOS with the latest firmware
Answer: B
QUESTION 321
An advantage of virtualizing servers, databases, and office applications is:
A. Centralized management.
B. Providing greater resources to users.
C. Stronger access control.
D. Decentralized management.
Answer: A
QUESTION 322
A major security risk with co-mingling of hosts with different security requirements is:
A. Security policy violations.
B. Zombie attacks.
C. Password compromises.
D. Privilege creep.
Answer: A
QUESTION 323
Which of the following attacks targets high level executives to gain company information?
A. Phishing
B. Whaling
C. Vishing
D. Spoofing
Answer: B
QUESTION 324
Which of the following can be used as an equipment theft deterrent?
A. Screen locks
B. GPS tracking
C. Cable locks
D. Whole disk encryption
Answer: C
QUESTION 325
At the outside break area, an employee, Ann, asked another employee to let her into the building
because her badge is missing. Which of the following does this describe?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Tailgating
C. Whaling
D. Impersonation
Answer: B
QUESTION 326
A company that has a mandatory vacation policy has implemented which of the following
controls?
A. Risk control
B. Privacy control
C. Technical control
D. Physical control
Answer: A
QUESTION 327
Ann, a company's security officer, often receives reports of unauthorized personnel having
access codes to the cipher locks of secure areas in the building. Ann should immediately
implement which of the following?
A. Acceptable Use Policy
B. Physical security controls
C. Technical controls
D. Security awareness training
Answer: D
QUESTION 328
Which of the following is the MOST intrusive type of testing against a production system?
A. White box testing
B. War dialing
C. Vulnerability testing
D. Penetration testing
Answer: D
QUESTION 329
The IT department has installed new wireless access points but discovers that the signal extends
far into the parking lot. Which of the following actions should be taken to correct this?
A. Disable the SSID broadcasting
B. Configure the access points so that MAC filtering is not used
C. Implement WEP encryption on the access points
D. Lower the power for office coverage only
Answer: D
QUESTION 330
The helpdesk reports increased calls from clients reporting spikes in malware infections on their
systems. Which of the following phases of incident response is MOST appropriate as a FIRST
response?
A. Recovery
B. Follow-up
C. Validation
D. Identification
E. Eradication
F. Containment
Answer: D
QUESTION 331
Which of the following protocols would be used to verify connectivity between two remote devices
at the HIGHEST level of the OSI model?
A. ICMP
B. IPSec
C. SCP
D. TCP
Answer: C
QUESTION 332
Which of the following devices would be MOST useful to ensure availability when there are a
large number of requests to a certain website?
A. Protocol analyzer
B. Load balancer
C. VPN concentrator
D. Web security gateway
Answer: B
QUESTION 333
Which of the following uses port 22 by default? (Select THREE).
A. SSH
B. SSL
C. TLS
D. SFTP
E. SCP
F. FTPS
G. SMTP
H: SNMP
Answer: ADE
QUESTION 334
Ann, a software developer, has installed some code to reactivate her account one week after her
account has been disabled. Which of the following is this an example of? (Select TWO).
A. Rootkit
B. Logic Bomb
C. Botnet
D. Backdoor
E. Spyware
Answer: BD
QUESTION 335
The string:
represents which of the following?
A. Bluejacking
B. Rogue access point
C. SQL Injection
D. Client-side attacks
Answer: C
QUESTION 336
Joe, an administrator, installs a web server on the Internet that performs credit card transactions
for customer payments. Joe also sets up a second web server that looks like the first web server.
However, the second server contains fabricated files and folders made to look like payments
were processed on this server but really were not. Which of the following is the second server?
A. DMZ
B. Honeynet
C. VLAN
D. Honeypot
Answer: D
QUESTION 337
Which of the following can Joe, a security administrator, implement on his network to capture
attack details that are occurring while also protecting his production network?
A. Security logs
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Audit logs
D. Honeypot
Answer: D
QUESTION 338
Which of the following should Joe, a security manager, implement to reduce the risk of
employees working in collusion to embezzle funds from his company?
A. Privacy Policy
B. Least Privilege
C. Acceptable Use
D. Mandatory Vacations
Answer: D
QUESTION 339
Ann, a security technician, is reviewing the IDS log files. She notices a large number of alerts for
multicast packets from the switches on the network. After investigation, she discovers that this is
normal activity for her network. Which of the following BEST describes these results?
A. True negatives
B. True positives
C. False positives
D. False negatives
Answer: C
QUESTION 340
Joe, a security analyst, asks each employee of an organization to sign a statement saying that
they understand how their activities may be monitored. Which of the following BEST describes
this statement? (Select TWO).
A. Acceptable use policy
B. Risk acceptance policy
C. Privacy policy
D. Email policy
E. Security policy
Answer: AC
QUESTION 341
A process in which the functionality of an application is tested without any knowledge of the
internal mechanisms of the application is known as:
A. Black box testing
B. White box testing
C. Black hat testing
D. Gray box testing
Answer: A
QUESTION 342
Which of the following tools would allow Ann, the security administrator, to be able to BEST
quantify all traffic on her network?
A. Honeypot
B. Port scanner
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Vulnerability scanner
Answer: C
QUESTION 343
Which of the following should an administrator implement to research current attack
methodologies?
A. Design reviews
B. Honeypot
C. Vulnerability scanner
D. Code reviews
Answer: B
QUESTION 344
Which of the following consists of peer assessments that help identify security threats and
vulnerabilities?
A. Risk assessment
B. Code reviews
C. Baseline reporting
D. Alarms
Answer: B
QUESTION 345
Ann is starting a disaster recovery program. She has gathered specifics and team members for a
meeting on site. Which of the following types of tests is this?
A. Structured walk through
B. Full Interruption test
C. Check list test
D. Table top exercise
Answer: A
QUESTION 346
An internal auditing team would like to strengthen the password policy to support special
characters. Which of the following types of password controls would achieve this goal?
A. Add reverse encryption
B. Password complexity
C. Increase password length
D. Allow single sign on
Answer: B
QUESTION 347
Which of the following can be implemented in hardware or software to protect a web server from
cross-site scripting attacks?
A. Intrusion Detection System
B. Flood Guard Protection
C. Web Application Firewall
D. URL Content Filter
Answer: C
QUESTION 348
Ann, the software security engineer, works for a major software vendor. Which of the following
practices should be implemented to help prevent race conditions, buffer overflows, and other
similar vulnerabilities prior to each production release?
A. Product baseline report
B. Input validation
C. Patch regression testing
D. Code review
Answer: D
QUESTION 349
Ann, a security analyst, is preparing for an upcoming security audit. To ensure that she identifies
unapplied security controls and patches without attacking or compromising the system, Ann
would use which of the following?
A. Vulnerability scanning
B. SQL injection
C. Penetration testing
D. Antivirus update
Answer: A
QUESTION 350
Ann, the security administrator, received a report from the security technician, that an
unauthorized new user account was added to the server over two weeks ago. Which of the
following could have mitigated this event?
A. Routine log audits
B. Job rotation
C. Risk likelihood assessment
D. Separation of duties
Answer: A
QUESTION 351
Which of the following ports should be opened on a firewall to allow for NetBIOS communication?
(Select TWO).
A. 110
B. 137
C. 139
D. 143
E. 161
F. 443
Answer: BC
QUESTION 352
Joe, the systems administrator, is setting up a wireless network for his team's laptops only and
needs to prevent other employees from accessing it. Which of the following would BEST address
this?
A. Disable default SSID broadcasting.
B. Use WPA instead of WEP encryption.
C. Lower the access point's power settings.
D. Implement MAC filtering on the access point.
Answer: D
QUESTION 353
After Ann, a user, logs into her banking websites she has access to her financial institution
mortgage, credit card, and brokerage websites as well. Which of the following is being described?
A. Trusted OS
B. Mandatory access control
C. Separation of duties
D. Single sign-on
Answer: D
QUESTION 354
Which of the following means of wireless authentication is easily vulnerable to spoofing?
A. MAC Filtering
B. WPA - LEAP
C. WPA - PEAP
D. Enabled SSID
Answer: A
QUESTION 355
Which of the following is a way to implement a technical control to mitigate data loss in case of a
mobile device theft?
A. Disk encryption
B. Encryption policy
C. Solid state drive
D. Mobile device policy
Answer: A
QUESTION 356
The BEST methods for a web developer to prevent the website application code from being
vulnerable to cross-site request forgery (XSRF) is to: (Select TWO).
A. Permit redirection to Internet-facing web URLs.
B. Ensure all HTML tags are enclosed in angle brackets, e.g., "<" and ">".
C. Validate and filter input on the server side and client side.
D. Use a web proxy to pass website requests between the user and the application.
E. Restrict and sanitize use of special characters in input and URLs.
Answer: CE
QUESTION 357
When an order was submitted via the corporate website, an administrator noted special
characters (e.g., ";--" and "or 1=1 --") were input instead of the expected letters and numbers.
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for the unusual results?
A. The user is attempting to highjack the web server session using an open-source browser.
B. The user has been compromised by a cross-site scripting attack (XSS) and is part of a botnet performing
DDoS attacks.
C. The user is attempting to fuzz the web server by entering foreign language characters which are
incompatible with the website.
D. The user is sending malicious SQL injection strings in order to extract sensitive company or customer
data via the website.
Answer: D
QUESTION 358
When a communications plan is developed for disaster recovery and business continuity plans,
the MOST relevant items to include would be: (Select TWO).
A. Methods and templates to respond to press requests, institutional and regulatory reporting requirements.
B. Methods to exchange essential information to and from all response team members, employees, suppliers,
and customers.
C. Developed recovery strategies, test plans, post-test evaluation and update processes.
D. Defined scenarios by type and scope of impact and dependencies, with quantification of loss potential.
E. Methods to review and report on system logs, incident response, and incident handling.
Answer: AB
QUESTION 359
Key elements of a business impact analysis should include which of the following tasks?
A. Develop recovery strategies, prioritize recovery, create test plans, post-test evaluation, and update processes.
B. Identify institutional and regulatory reporting requirements, develop response teams and communication
trees, and develop press release templates.
C. Employ regular preventive measures such as patch management, change management, antivirus and
vulnerability scans, and reports to management.
D. Identify critical assets systems and functions, identify dependencies, determine critical downtime limit,
define scenarios by type and scope of impact, and quantify loss potential.
Answer: D
QUESTION 360
End-user awareness training for handling sensitive personally identifiable information would
include secure storage and transmission of customer:
A. Date of birth.
B. First and last name.
C. Phone number.
D. Employer name.
Answer: A
QUESTION 361
Jane, a security administrator, needs to implement a secure wireless authentication method that
uses a remote RADIUS server for authentication. Which of the following authentication methods
should Jane use?
A. WPA2-PSK
B. WEP-PSK
C. CCMP
D. LEAP
Answer: D
QUESTION 362
Which of the following risk mitigation strategies will allow Ann, a security analyst, to enforce least
privilege principles?
A. User rights reviews
B. Incident management
C. Risk based controls
D. Annual loss expectancy
Answer: A
QUESTION 363
The security officer is preparing a read-only USB stick with a document of important personal
phone numbers, vendor contacts, an MD5 program, and other tools to provide to employees. At
which of the following points in an incident should the officer instruct employees to use this
information?
A. Business Impact Analysis
B. First Responder
C. Damage and Loss Control
D. Contingency Planning
Answer: B
QUESTION 364
To ensure proper evidence collection, which of the following steps should be preformed FIRST?
A. Take hashes from the live system
B. Review logs
C. Capture the system image
D. Copy all compromised files
Answer: C
QUESTION 365
Joe, the security administrator, has determined that one of his web servers is under attack. Which
of the following can help determine where the attack originated from?
A. Capture system image
B. Record time offset
C. Screenshots
D. Network sniffing
Answer: D
QUESTION 366
Joe, the system administrator, is performing an overnight system refresh of hundreds of user
computers. The refresh has a strict timeframe and must have zero downtime during business
hours. Which of the following should Joe take into consideration?
A. A disk-based image of every computer as they are being replaced.
B. A plan that skips every other replaced computer to limit the area of affected users.
C. An offsite contingency server farm that can act as a warm site should any issues appear.
D. A back-out strategy planned out anticipating any unforeseen problems that may arise.
Answer: D
QUESTION 367
A program displays:

Error: this program has caught an exception and will now terminate.

Which of the following is MOST likely accomplished by the program's behavior?
A. Operating system's integrity is maintained
B. Program's availability is maintained
C. Operating system's scalability is maintained
D. User's confidentiality is maintained
Answer: A
QUESTION 368
A security administrator wants to deploy a physical security control to limit an individual's access
into a sensitive area. Which of the following should be implemented?
A. Guards
B. CCTV
C. Bollards
D. Spike strip
Answer: A
QUESTION 369
A network administrator uses an RFID card to enter the datacenter, a key to open the server rack,
and a username and password to logon to a server. These are examples of which of the
following?
A. Multifactor authentication
B. Single factor authentication
C. Separation of duties
D. Identification
Answer: B
QUESTION 370
Which of the following results in datacenters with failed humidity controls? (Select TWO).
A. Excessive EMI
B. Electrostatic charge
C. Improper ventilation
D. Condensation
E. Irregular temperature
Answer: BD
QUESTION 371
An online store wants to protect user credentials and credit card information so that customers
can store their credit card information and use their card for multiple separate transactions. Which
of the following database designs provides the BEST security for the online store?
A. Use encryption for the credential fields and hash the credit card field
B. Encrypt the username and hash the password
C. Hash the credential fields and use encryption for the credit card field
D. Hash both the credential fields and the credit card field
Answer: C
QUESTION 372
A network administrator is configuring access control for the sales department which has high
employee turnover. Which of the following is BEST suited when assigning user rights to
individuals in the sales department?
A. Time of day restrictions
B. Group based privileges
C. User assigned privileges
D. Domain admin restrictions
Answer: B
QUESTION 373
A security administrator is reviewing the below output from a password auditing tool:

p@ss.
@pw1.
S3cU4

Which of the following additional policies should be implemented based on the tool's output?
A. Password age
B. Password history
C. Password length
D. Password complexity
Answer: C
QUESTION 374
Joe, a user, in a coffee shop is checking his email over a wireless network. An attacker records
the temporary credentials being passed to Joe's browser. The attacker later uses the credentials
to impersonate Joe and creates SPAM messages. Which of the following attacks allows for this
impersonation?
A. XML injection
B. Directory traversal
C. Header manipulation
D. Session hijacking
Answer: D
QUESTION 375
A security architect wishes to implement a wireless network with connectivity to the company's
internal network. Before they inform all employees that this network is being put in place, the
architect wants to roll it out to a small test segment. Which of the following allows for greater
secrecy about this network during this initial phase of implementation?
A. Disabling SSID broadcasting
B. Implementing WPA2 - TKIP
C. Implementing WPA2 - CCMP
D. Filtering test workstations by MAC address
Answer: A
QUESTION 376
Digital certificates can be used to ensure which of the following? (Select TWO).
A. Availability
B. Confidentiality
C. Verification
D. Authorization
E. Non-repudiation
Answer: BE
QUESTION 377
A network administrator is looking for a way to automatically update company browsers so they
import a list of root certificates from an online source. This online source will then be responsible
for tracking which certificates are to be trusted or not trusted. Which of the following BEST
describes the service that should be implemented to meet these requirements?
A. Trust model
B. Key escrow
C. OCSP
D. PKI
Answer: A
QUESTION 378
A security administrator has concerns about new types of media which allow for the mass
distribution of personal comments to a select group of people. To mitigate the risks involved with
this media, employees should receive training on which of the following?
A. Peer to Peer
B. Mobile devices
C. Social networking
D. Personally owned devices
Answer: C
QUESTION 379
A network administrator is responsible for securing applications against external attacks. Every
month, the underlying operating system is updated. There is no process in place for other
software updates. Which of the following processes could MOST effectively mitigate these risks?
A. Application hardening
B. Application change management
C. Application patch management
D. Application firewall review
Answer: C
QUESTION 380
The software developer is responsible for writing the code and promoting from the development
network to the quality network. The network administrator is responsible for promoting code to the
production application servers. Which of the following practices are they following to ensure
application integrity?
A. Job rotation
B. Implicit deny
C. Least privilege
D. Separation of duties
Answer: D
QUESTION 381
A software developer is responsible for writing the code on an accounting application. Another
software developer is responsible for developing code on a system in human resources. Once a
year they have to switch roles for several weeks. Which of the following practices is being
implemented?
A. Mandatory vacations
B. Job rotation
C. Least privilege
D. Separation of duties
Answer: B
QUESTION 382
A quality assurance analyst is reviewing a new software product for security, and has complete
access to the code and data structures used by the developers. This is an example of which of
the following types of testing?
A. Black box
B. Penetration
C. Gray box
D. White box
Answer: D
QUESTION 383
The security consultant is assigned to test a client's new software for security, after logs show
targeted attacks from the Internet. To determine the weaknesses, the consultant has no access to
the application program interfaces, code, or data structures. This is an example of which of the
following types of testing?
A. Black box
B. Penetration
C. Gray box
D. White box
Answer: A
QUESTION 384
Which of the following types of cryptography should be used when minimal overhead is
necessary for a mobile device?
A. Block cipher
B. Elliptical curve cryptography
C. Diffie-Hellman algorithm
D. Stream cipher
Answer: B
QUESTION 385
The server administrator has noted that most servers have a lot of free disk space and low
memory utilization. Which of the following statements will be correct if the server administrator
migrates to a virtual server environment?
A. The administrator will need to deploy load balancing and clustering.
B. The administrator may spend more on licensing but less on hardware and equipment.
C. The administrator will not be able to add a test virtual environment in the data center.
D. Servers will encounter latency and lowered throughput issues.
Answer: B
QUESTION 386
Which of the following implementation steps would be appropriate for a public wireless hotspot?
A. Reduce power level
B. Disable SSID broadcast
C. Open system authentication
D. MAC filter
Answer: C
QUESTION 387
Configuring key/value pairs on a RADIUS server is associated with deploying which of the
following?
A. WPA2-Enterprise wireless network
B. DNS secondary zones
C. Digital certificates
D. Intrusion detection system
Answer: A
QUESTION 388
Which of the following preventative controls would be appropriate for responding to a directive to
reduce the attack surface of a specific host?
A. Installing anti-malware
B. Implementing an IDS
C. Taking a baseline configuration
D. Disabling unnecessary services
Answer: D
QUESTION 389
A security analyst performs the following activities: monitors security logs, installs surveillance
cameras and analyzes trend reports. Which of the following job responsibilities is the analyst
performing? (Select TWO).
A. Detect security incidents
B. Reduce attack surface of systems
C. Implement monitoring controls
D. Hardening network devices
E. Prevent unauthorized access
Answer: AC
QUESTION 390
A certificate used on an ecommerce web server is about to expire. Which of the following will
occur if the certificate is allowed to expire?
A. The certificate will be added to the Certificate Revocation List (CRL).
B. Clients will be notified that the certificate is invalid.
C. The ecommerce site will not function until the certificate is renewed.
D. The ecommerce site will no longer use encryption.
Answer: B
QUESTION 391
An administrator needs to segment internal traffic between layer 2 devices within the LAN. Which
of the following types of network design elements would MOST likely be used?
A. Routing
B. DMZ
C. VLAN
D. NAT
Answer: C
QUESTION 392
The security administrator needs to restrict traffic on a layer 3 device to support FTP from a new
remote site. Which of the following secure network administration principles will need to be
implemented?
A. Implicit deny
B. VLAN management
C. Port security
D. Access control lists
Answer: D
QUESTION 393
After a network outage, a PC technician is unable to ping various network devices. The network
administrator verifies that those devices are working properly and can be accessed securely.
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the PC technician is unable to ping those
devices?
A. ICMP is being blocked
B. SSH is not enabled
C. DNS settings are wrong
D. SNMP is not configured properly
Answer: A
QUESTION 394
Which of the following ports is used for SSH, by default?
A. 23
B. 32
C. 12
D. 22
Answer: D
QUESTION 395
The security administrator has been tasked to update all the access points to provide a more
secure connection. All access points currently use WPA TKIP for encryption. Which of the
following would be configured to provide more secure connections?
A. WEP
B. WPA2 CCMP
C. Disable SSID broadcast and increase power levels
D. MAC filtering
Answer: B
QUESTION 396
After a recent security breach, the network administrator has been tasked to update and backup
all router and switch configurations. The security administrator has been tasked to enforce stricter
security policies. All users were forced to undergo additional user awareness training. All of these
actions are due to which of the following types of risk mitigation strategies?
A. Change management
B. Implementing policies to prevent data loss
C. User rights and permissions review
D. Lessons learned
Answer: D
QUESTION 397
Various network outages have occurred recently due to unapproved changes to network and
security devices. All changes were made using various system credentials. The security analyst
has been tasked to update the security policy. Which of the following risk mitigation strategies
would also need to be implemented to reduce the number of network outages due to
unauthorized changes?
A. User rights and permissions review
B. Configuration management
C. Incident management
D. Implement security controls on Layer 3 devices
Answer: A
QUESTION 398
Which of the following concepts is used by digital signatures to ensure integrity of the data?
A. Non-repudiation
B. Hashing
C. Transport encryption
D. Key escrow
Answer: B
QUESTION 399
A security analyst discovered data such as images and word documents hidden within different
types of files. Which of the following cryptographic concepts describes what was discovered?
A. Symmetric encryption
B. Non-repudiation
C. Steganography
D. Hashing
Answer: C
QUESTION 400
Which of the following concepts describes the use of a one way transformation in order to
validate the integrity of a program?
A. Hashing
B. Key escrow
C. Non-repudiation
D. Steganography
Answer: A
QUESTION 401
A network administrator has been tasked with securing the WLAN. Which of the following
cryptographic products would be used to provide the MOST secure environment for the WLAN?
A. WPA2 CCMP
B. WPA
C. WPA with MAC filtering
D. WPA2 TKIP
Answer: A
QUESTION 402
Recent data loss on financial servers due to security breaches forced the system administrator to
harden their systems. Which of the following algorithms with transport encryption would be
implemented to provide the MOST secure web connections to manage and access these
servers?
A. SSL
B. TLS
C. HTTP
D. FTP
Answer: B
QUESTION 403
Which of the following provides a static record of all certificates that are no longer valid?
A. Private key
B. Recovery agent
C. CRLs
D. CA
Answer: C
QUESTION 404
A company requires that a user's credentials include providing something they know and
something they are in order to gain access to the network. Which of the following types of
authentication is being described?
A. Biometrics
B. Kerberos
C. Token
D. Two-factor
Answer: D
QUESTION 405
A company wants to ensure that all credentials for various systems are saved within a central
database so that users only have to login once for access to all systems. Which of the following
would accomplish this?
A. Multi-factor authentication
B. Smart card access
C. Same Sign-On
D. Single Sign-On
Answer: D
QUESTION 406
A server with the IP address of 10.10.2.4 has been having intermittent connection issues. The
logs show repeated connection attempts from the following IP:

10.10.3.23

These attempts are overloading the server to the point that it cannot respond to traffic. Which of
the following attacks is occurring?
A. Xmas
B. DDoS
C. DoS
D. XSS
Answer: C
QUESTION 407
Physical documents must be incinerated after a set retention period is reached. Which of the
following attacks does this action remediate?
A. Shoulder Surfing
B. Dumpster Diving
C. Phishing
D. Impersonation
Answer: B
QUESTION 408
All executive officers have changed their monitor location so it cannot be easily viewed when
passing by their offices. Which of the following attacks does this action remediate?
A. Dumpster Diving
B. Impersonation
C. Shoulder Surfing
D. Whaling
Answer: C
QUESTION 409
Which of the following protocols is vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks by NOT using end to
end TLS encryption?
A. HTTPS
B. WEP
C. WPA
D. WPA 2
Answer: C
QUESTION 410
A security administrator has been tasked with setting up a new internal wireless network that
must use end to end TLS. Which of the following may be used to meet this objective?
A. WPA
B. HTTPS
C. WEP
D. WPA 2
Answer: D
QUESTION 411
After viewing wireless traffic, an attacker notices the following networks are being broadcasted by
local access points:

Corpnet
Coffeeshop
FrePublicWifi

Using this information the attacker spoofs a response to make nearby laptops connect back to a
malicious device. Which of the following techniques are used above? (Select TWO).
A. Blue snarfing
B. Evil twin
C. Packet sniffing
D. War dialing
E. Rogue access point
Answer: BC
QUESTION 412
A server administrator notes that a legacy application often stops running due to a memory error.
When reviewing the debugging logs, they notice code being run calling an internal process to
exploit the machine. Which of the following attacks does this describe?
A. Zero-day
B. Buffer overflow
C. Cross site scripting
D. Malicious add-on
Answer: B
QUESTION 413
Key cards at a bank are not tied to individuals, but rather to organizational roles. After a break in,
it becomes apparent that extra efforts must be taken to successfully pinpoint who exactly enters
secure areas. Which of the following security measures can be put in place to mitigate the issue
until a new key card system can be installed?
A. Bollards
B. Video surveillance
C. Proximity readers
D. Fencing
Answer: B
QUESTION 414
After running into the data center with a vehicle, attackers were able to enter through the hole in
the building and steal several key servers in the ensuing chaos. Which of the following security
measures can be put in place to mitigate the issue from occurring in the future?
A. Fencing
B. Proximity readers
C. Video surveillance
D. Bollards
Answer: D
QUESTION 415
Which of the following ciphers would be BEST used to encrypt streaming video?
A. RSA
B. RC4
C. SHA1
D. 3DES
Answer: B
QUESTION 416
A CA is compromised and attacks start distributing maliciously signed software updates. Which of
the following can be used to warn users about the malicious activity?
A. Key escrow
B. Private key verification
C. Public key verification
D. Certificate revocation list
Answer: D
QUESTION 417
After encrypting all laptop hard drives, an executive officer's laptop has trouble booting to the
operating system. Now that it is successfully encrypted the helpdesk cannot retrieve the data.
Which of the following can be used to decrypt the information for retrieval?
A. Recovery agent
B. Private key
C. Trust models
D. Public key
Answer: A
QUESTION 418
Which of the following devices is MOST likely being used when processing the following?

1 PERMIT IP ANY ANY EQ 80
2 DENY IP ANY ANY

A. Firewall
B. NIPS
C. Load balancer
D. URL filter
Answer: A
QUESTION 419
The security administrator at ABC company received the following log information from an
external party:

10:45:01 EST, SRC 10.4.3.7:3056, DST 8.4.2.1:80, ALERT, Directory traversal
10:45:02 EST, SRC 10.4.2.7:3057, DST 8.4.2.1:80, ALERT, Account Brute Force
10:45:03 EST, SRC 10.4.3.7:3058, DST 8.4.2.1:80, ALERT, Port scan

The external party is reporting attacks coming from abc-company.com. Which of the following is
the reason the ABC company's security administrator is unable to determine the origin of the
attack?
A. A NIDS was used in place of a NIPS.
B. The log is not in UTC.
C. The external party uses a firewall.
D. ABC company uses PAT.
Answer: D
QUESTION 420
A user attempting to log on to a workstation for the first time is prompted for the following
information before being granted access: username, password, and a four-digit security pin that
was mailed to him during account registration. This is an example of which of the following?
A. Dual-factor authentication
B. Multifactor authentication
C. Single factor authentication
D. Biometric authentication
Answer: C
QUESTION 421
The security administrator is implementing a malware storage system to archive all malware seen
by the company into a central database. The malware must be categorized and stored based on
similarities in the code. Which of the following should the security administrator use to identify
similar malware?
A. TwoFish
B. SHA-512
C. Fuzzy hashes
D. HMAC
Answer: C
QUESTION 422
The security administrator installed a newly generated SSL certificate onto the company web
server. Due to a mis-configuration of the website, a downloadable file containing one of the
pieces of the key was available to the public. It was verified that the disclosure did not require a
reissue of the certificate. Which of the following was MOST likely compromised?
A. The file containing the recovery agent's keys.
B. The file containing the public key.
C. The file containing the private key.
D. The file containing the server's encrypted passwords.
Answer: B
QUESTION 423
After analyzing and correlating activity from multiple sensors, the security administrator has
determined that a group of very well organized individuals from an enemy country is responsible
for various attempts to breach the company network, through the use of very sophisticated and
targeted attacks. Which of the following is this an example of?
A. Privilege escalation
B. Advanced persistent threat
C. Malicious insider threat
D. Spear phishing
Answer: B
QUESTION 424
Which of the following was launched against a company based on the following IDS log?
A. SQL injection
B. Buffer overflow attack
C. XSS attack
D. Online password crack
Answer: B
QUESTION 425
The security administrator is analyzing a user's history file on a Unix server to determine if the
user was attempting to break out of a rootjail. Which of the following lines in the user's history log
shows evidence that the user attempted to escape the rootjail?
A. cd ../../../../bin/bash
B. whoami
C. ls /root
D. sudo -u root
Answer: A
QUESTION 426
A software development company has hired a programmer to develop a plug-in module to an
existing proprietary application. After completing the module, the developer needs to test the
entire application to ensure that the module did not introduce new vulnerabilities. Which of the
following is the developer performing when testing the application?
A. Black box testing
B. White box testing
C. Gray box testing
D. Design review
Answer: C
QUESTION 427
A security administrator must implement all requirements in the following corporate policy:
Passwords shall be protected against offline password brute force attacks. Passwords shall be
protected against online password brute force attacks. Which of the following technical controls
must be implemented to enforce the corporate policy? (Select THREE).
A. Account lockout
B. Account expiration
C. Screen locks
D. Password complexity
E. Minimum password lifetime
F. Minimum password length
Answer: ADF
QUESTION 428
Which of the following is a best practice for error and exception handling?
A. Log detailed exception but display generic error message
B. Display detailed exception but log generic error message
C. Log and display detailed error and exception messages
D. Do not log or display error or exception messages
Answer: A
QUESTION 429
A merchant acquirer has the need to store credit card numbers in a transactional database in a
high performance environment. Which of the following BEST protects the credit card data?
A. Database field encryption
B. File-level encryption
C. Data loss prevention system
D. Full disk encryption
Answer: A
QUESTION 430
A team of firewall administrators have access to a `master password list' containing service
account passwords. Which of the following BEST protects the master password list?
A. File encryption
B. Password hashing
C. USB encryption
D. Full disk encryption
Answer: A
QUESTION 431
An SSL/TLS private key is installed on a corporate web proxy in order to inspect HTTPS
requests. Which of the following describes how this private key should be stored so that it is
protected from theft?
A. Implement full disk encryption
B. Store on encrypted removable media
C. Utilize a hardware security module
D. Store on web proxy file system
Answer: C
QUESTION 432
An insurance company requires an account recovery process so that information created by an
employee can be accessed after that employee is no longer with the firm. Which of the following
is the BEST approach to implement this process?
A. Employee is required to share their password with authorized staff prior to leaving the firm
B. Passwords are stored in a reversible form so that they can be recovered when needed
C. Authorized employees have the ability to reset passwords so that the data is accessible
D. All employee data is exported and imported by the employee prior to them leaving the firm
Answer: C
QUESTION 433
A small company has a website that provides online customer support. The company requires an
account recovery process so that customers who forget their passwords can regain access.
Which of the following is the BEST approach to implement this process?
A. Replace passwords with hardware tokens which provide two-factor authentication to the online
customer support site.
B. Require the customer to physically come into the company's main office so that the customer can be
authenticated prior to their password being reset.
C. Web-based form that identifies customer by another mechanism and then emails the customer their
forgotten password.
D. Web-based form that identifies customer by another mechanism, sets a temporary password and forces
a password change upon first login.
Answer: D
QUESTION 434
A bank has a fleet of aging payment terminals used by merchants for transactional processing.
The terminals currently support single DES but require an upgrade in order to be compliant with
security standards. Which of the following is likely to be the simplest upgrade to the aging
terminals which will improve in-transit protection of transactional data?
A. AES
B. 3DES
C. RC4
D. WPA2
Answer: B
QUESTION 435
A new MPLS network link has been established between a company and its business partner.
The link provides logical isolation in order to prevent access from other business partners. Which
of the following should be applied in order to achieve confidentiality and integrity of all data across
the link?
A. MPLS should be run in IPVPN mode.
B. SSL/TLS for all application flows.
C. IPSec VPN tunnels on top of the MPLS link.
D. HTTPS and SSH for all application flows.
Answer: C
QUESTION 436
Which of the following authentication services should be replaced with a more secure alternative?
A. RADIUS
B. TACACS
C. TACACS+
D. XTACACS
Answer: B
QUESTION 437
A financial company requires a new private network link with a business partner to cater for realtime
and batched data flows. Which of the following activities should be performed by the IT
security staff member prior to establishing the link?
A. Baseline reporting
B. Design review
C. Code review
D. SLA reporting
Answer: B
QUESTION 438
Which device monitors network traffic in a passive manner?
A. Sniffer
B. IDS
C. Firewall
D. Web browser
Answer: A
QUESTION 439
What is a system that is intended or designed to be broken into by an attacker?
A. Honeypot
B. Honeybucket
C. Decoy
D. Spoofing system
Answer: A
QUESTION 440
How must user accounts for exiting employees be handled?
A. Disabled, regardless of the circumstances
B. Disabled if the employee has been terminated
C. Deleted, regardless of the circumstances
D. Deleted if the employee has been terminated
Answer: A
QUESTION 441
Human Resources (HR) would like executives to undergo only two specific security training
programs a year. Which of the following provides the BEST level of security training for the
executives? (Select TWO).
A. Acceptable use of social media
B. Data handling and disposal
C. Zero day exploits and viruses
D. Phishing threats and attacks
E. Clean desk and BYOD
F. Information security awareness
Answer: DF
QUESTION 442
Which of the following provides data the best fault tolerance at the LOWEST cost?
A. Load balancing
B. Clustering
C. Server virtualization
D. RAID 6
Answer: D
QUESTION 443
The librarian wants to secure the public Internet kiosk PCs at the back of the library. Which of the
following would be the MOST appropriate? (Select TWO).
A. Device encryption
B. Antivirus
C. Privacy screen
D. Cable locks
E. Remote wipe
Answer: BD
QUESTION 444
Which of the following functions provides an output which cannot be reversed and converts data
into a string of characters?
A. Hashing
B. Stream ciphers
C. Steganography
D. Block ciphers
Answer: A
QUESTION 445
Which of the following encrypts data a single bit at a time?
A. Stream cipher
B. Steganography
C. 3DES
D. Hashing
Answer: A
QUESTION 446
A system administrator wants to enable WPA2 CCMP. Which of the following is the only
encryption used?
A. RC4
B. DES
C. 3DES
D. AES
Answer: D
QUESTION 447
Which of the following is used to verify data integrity?
A. SHA
B. 3DES
C. AES
D. RSA
Answer: A
QUESTION 448
Two programmers write a new secure application for the human resources department to store
personal identifiable information. The programmers make the application available to themselves
using an uncommon port along with an ID and password only they know. This is an example of
which of the following?
A. Root Kit
B. Spyware
C. Logic Bomb
D. Backdoor
Answer: D
QUESTION 449
Everyone in the accounting department has the ability to print and sign checks. Internal audit has
asked that only one group of employees may print checks while only two other employees may
sign the checks. Which of the following concepts would enforce this process?
A. Separation of Duties
B. Mandatory Vacations
C. Discretionary Access Control
D. Job Rotation
Answer: A
QUESTION 450
The security department has implemented a new laptop encryption product in the environment.
The product requires one user name and password at the time of boot up and also another
password after the operating system has finished loading. This setup is using which of the
following authentication types?
A. Two-factor authentication
B. Single sign-on
C. Multifactor authentication
D. Single factor authentication
Answer: D
QUESTION 451
The Human Resources department has a parent shared folder setup on the server. There are two
groups that have access, one called managers and one called staff. There are many sub folders
under the parent shared folder, one is called payroll. The parent folder access control list
propagates all subfolders and all subfolders inherit the parent permission. Which of the following
is the quickest way to prevent the staff group from gaining access to the payroll folder?
A. Remove the staff group from the payroll folder
B. Implicit deny on the payroll folder for the staff group
C. Implicit deny on the payroll folder for the managers group
D. Remove inheritance from the payroll folder
Answer: B
QUESTION 452
The finance department works with a bank which has recently had a number of cyber attacks.
The finance department is concerned that the banking website certificates have been
compromised. Which of the following can the finance department check to see if any of the bank's
certificates are still valid?
A. Bank's CRL
B. Bank's private key
C. Bank's key escrow
D. Bank's recovery agent
Answer: A
QUESTION 453
Which of the following are examples of network segmentation? (Select TWO).
A. IDS
B. IaaS
C. DMZ
D. Subnet
E. IPS
Answer: CD
QUESTION 454
Which of the following provides the strongest authentication security on a wireless network?
A. MAC filter
B. WPA2
C. WEP
D. Disable SSID broadcast
Answer: B
QUESTION 455
Which of the following provides the BEST explanation regarding why an organization needs to
implement IT security policies?
A. To ensure that false positives are identified
B. To ensure that staff conform to the policy
C. To reduce the organizational risk
D. To require acceptable usage of IT systems
Answer: C
QUESTION 456
An incident response team member needs to perform a forensics examination but does not have
the required hardware. Which of the following will allow the team member to perform the
examination with minimal impact to the potential evidence?
A. Using a software file recovery disc
B. Mounting the drive in read-only mode
C. Imaging based on order of volatility
D. Hashing the image after capture
Answer: B
QUESTION 457
Which of the following allows an organization to store a sensitive PKI component with a trusted
third party?
A. Trust model
B. Public Key Infrastructure
C. Private key
D. Key escrow
Answer: D
QUESTION 458
Which of the following security devices can be replicated on a Linux based computer using IP
tables to inspect and properly handle network based traffic?
A. Sniffer
B. Router
C. Firewall
D. Switch
Answer: C
QUESTION 459
A software firm posts patches and updates to a publicly accessible FTP site. The software firm
also posts digitally signed checksums of all patches and updates. The firm does this to address:
A. Integrity of downloaded software.
B. Availability of the FTP site.
C. Confidentiality of downloaded software.
D. Integrity of the server logs.
Answer: A
QUESTION 460
An administrator has successfully implemented SSL on srv4.comptia.com using wildcard
certificate *.comptia.com, and now wishes to implement SSL on srv5.comptia.com. Which of the
following files should be copied from srv4 to accomplish this?
A. certificate, private key, and intermediate certificate chain
B. certificate, intermediate certificate chain, and root certificate
C. certificate, root certificate, and certificate signing request
D. certificate, public key, and certificate signing request
Answer: A
QUESTION 461
When reviewing security logs, an administrator sees requests for the AAAA record of
www.comptia.com. Which of the following BEST describes this type of record?
A. DNSSEC record
B. IPv4 DNS record
C. IPSEC DNS record
D. IPv6 DNS record
Answer: D
QUESTION 462
Which of the following practices reduces the management burden of access management?
A. Password complexity policies
B. User account audit
C. Log analysis and review
D. Group based privileges
Answer: D
QUESTION 463
Which of the following helps to apply the proper security controls to information?
A. Data classification
B. Deduplication
C. Clean desk policy
D. Encryption
Answer: A
QUESTION 464
Which of the following describes purposefully injecting extra input during testing, possibly causing
an application to crash?
A. Input validation
B. Exception handling
C. Application hardening
D. Fuzzing
Answer: D
QUESTION 465
Which of the following types of security services are used to support authentication for remote
users and devices?
A. Biometrics
B. HSM
C. RADIUS
D. TACACS
Answer: C
QUESTION 466
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is tasked with outsourcing the analysis of security
logs. These will need to still be reviewed on a regular basis to ensure the security of the company
has not been breached. Which of the following cloud service options would support this
requirement?
A. SaaS
B. MaaS
C. IaaS
D. PaaS
Answer: B
QUESTION 467
A security administrator needs a locally stored record to remove the certificates of a terminated
employee. Which of the following describes a service that could meet these requirements?
A. OCSP
B. PKI
C. CA
D. CRL
Answer: D
QUESTION 468
A security analyst informs the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) that a security breach has just
occurred. This results in the Risk Manager and Chief Information Officer (CIO) being caught
unaware when the CEO asks for further information. Which of the following strategies should be
implemented to ensure the Risk Manager and CIO are not caught unaware in the future?
A. Procedure and policy management
B. Chain of custody management
C. Change management
D. Incident management
Answer: D
QUESTION 469
Which of the following relies on the use of shared secrets to protect communication?
A. RADIUS
B. Kerberos
C. PKI
D. LDAP
Answer: A
QUESTION 470
A security administrator wants to test the reliability of an application which accepts user provided
parameters. The administrator is concerned with data integrity and availability. Which of the
following should be implemented to accomplish this task?
A. Secure coding
B. Fuzzing
C. Exception handling
D. Input validation
Answer: B
QUESTION 471
Which of the following concepts is a term that directly relates to customer privacy considerations?
A. Data handling policies
B. Personally identifiable information
C. Information classification
D. Clean desk policies
Answer: B
QUESTION 472
Which of the following is a Data Loss Prevention (DLP) strategy and is MOST useful for securing
data in use?
A. Email scanning
B. Content discovery
C. Database fingerprinting
D. Endpoint protection
Answer: D
QUESTION 473
Which of the following is a concern when encrypting wireless data with WEP?
A. WEP displays the plain text entire key when wireless packet captures are reassembled
B. WEP implements weak initialization vectors for key transmission
C. WEP uses a very weak encryption algorithm
D. WEP allows for only four pre-shared keys to be configured
Answer: B
QUESTION 474
A security administrator is tasked with calculating the total ALE on servers. In a two year period of
time, a company has to replace five servers. Each server replacement has cost the company
$4,000 with downtime costing $3,000. Which of the following is the ALE for the company?
A. $7,000
B. $10,000
C. $17,500
D. $35,000
Answer: C
QUESTION 475
ABC company has a lot of contractors working for them. The provisioning team does not always
get notified that a contractor has left the company. Which of the following policies would prevent
contractors from having access to systems in the event a contractor has left?
A. Annual account review
B. Account expiration policy
C. Account lockout policy
D. Account disablement
Answer: B
QUESTION 476
The practice of marking open wireless access points is called which of the following?
A. War dialing
B. War chalking
C. War driving
D. Evil twin
Answer: B
QUESTION 477
Multi-tenancy is a concept found in which of the following?
A. Full disk encryption
B. Removable media
C. Cloud computing
D. Data loss prevention
Answer: C
QUESTION 478
Which of the following is a common coding error in which boundary checking is not performed?
A. Input validation
B. Fuzzing
C. Secure coding
D. Cross-site scripting
Answer: A
QUESTION 479
While previously recommended as a security measure, disabling SSID broadcast is not effective
against most attackers because network SSIDs are:
A. no longer used to authenticate to most wireless networks.
B. contained in certain wireless packets in plaintext.
C. contained in all wireless broadcast packets by default.
D. no longer supported in 802.11 protocols.
Answer: B
QUESTION 480
One of the most consistently reported software security vulnerabilities that leads to major exploits
is:
A. Lack of malware detection.
B. Attack surface decrease.
C. Inadequate network hardening.
D. Poor input validation.
Answer: D
QUESTION 481
Public key certificates and keys that are compromised or were issued fraudulently are listed on
which of the following?
A. PKI
B. ACL
C. CA
D. CRL
Answer: D
QUESTION 482
One of the most basic ways to protect the confidentiality of data on a laptop in the event the
device is physically stolen is to implement which of the following?
A. File level encryption with alphanumeric passwords
B. Biometric authentication and cloud storage
C. Whole disk encryption with two-factor authentication
D. BIOS passwords and two-factor authentication
Answer: C
QUESTION 483
Users report that after downloading several applications, their systems' performance has
noticeably decreased. Which of the following would be used to validate programs prior to
installing them?
A. Whole disk encryption
B. SSH
C. Telnet
D. MD5
Answer: D
QUESTION 484
Ann, a security analyst, has been notified that trade secrets are being leaked from one of the
executives in the corporation. When reviewing this executive's laptop she notices several pictures
of the employee's pets are on the hard drive and on a cloud storage network. When Ann hashes
the images on the hard drive against the hashes on the cloud network they do not match. Which
of the following describes how the employee is leaking these secrets?
A. Social engineering
B. Steganography
C. Hashing
D. Digital signatures
Answer: B
QUESTION 485
A malicious user is sniffing a busy encrypted wireless network waiting for an authorized client to
connect to it. Only after an authorized client has connected and the hacker was able to capture
the client handshake with the AP can the hacker begin a brute force attack to discover the
encryption key. Which of the following attacks is taking place?
A. IV attack
B. WEP cracking
C. WPA cracking
D. Rogue AP
Answer: C
QUESTION 486
Which of the following protocols is used by IPv6 for MAC address resolution?
A. NDP
B. ARP
C. DNS
D. NCP
Answer: A
QUESTION 487
Which of the following provides dedicated hardware-based cryptographic functions to an
operating system and its applications running on laptops and desktops?
A. TPM
B. HSM
C. CPU
D. FPU
Answer: A
QUESTION 488
Which of the following tests a number of security controls in the least invasive manner?
A. Vulnerability scan
B. Threat assessment
C. Penetration test
D. Ping sweep
Answer: A
QUESTION 489
When using PGP, which of the following should the end user protect from compromise? (Select
TWO).
A. Private key
B. CRL details
C. Public key
D. Key password
E. Key escrow
F. Recovery agent
Answer: AD
QUESTION 490
Which of the following disaster recovery strategies has the highest cost and shortest recovery
time?
A. Warm site
B. Hot site
C. Cold site
D. Co-location site
Answer: B
QUESTION 491
In the case of a major outage or business interruption, the security office has documented the
expected loss of earnings, potential fines and potential consequence to customer service. Which
of the following would include the MOST detail on these objectives?
A. Business Impact Analysis
B. IT Contingency Plan
C. Disaster Recovery Plan
D. Continuity of Operations
Answer: A
QUESTION 492
After visiting a website, a user receives an email thanking them for a purchase which they did not
request. Upon investigation the security administrator sees the following source code in a pop-up
window:
Which of the following has MOST likely occurred?
A. SQL injection
B. Cookie stealing
C. XSRF
D. XSS
Answer: C
QUESTION 493
Which of the following ports should be used by a system administrator to securely manage a
remote server?
A. 22
B. 69
C. 137
D. 445
Answer: A
QUESTION 494
Which of the following ports is used to securely transfer files between remote UNIX systems?
A. 21
B. 22
C. 69
D. 445
Answer: B
QUESTION 495
Which of the following is a security benefit of providing additional HVAC capacity or increased
tonnage in a datacenter?
A. Increased availability of network services due to higher throughput
B. Longer MTBF of hardware due to lower operating temperatures
C. Higher data integrity due to more efficient SSD cooling
D. Longer UPS run time due to increased airflow
Answer: B
QUESTION 496
Fuzzing is a security assessment technique that allows testers to analyze the behavior of
software applications under which of the following conditions?
A. Unexpected input
B. Invalid output
C. Parameterized input
D. Valid output
Answer: A
QUESTION 497
Which of the following types of wireless attacks would be used specifically to impersonate
another WAP in order to gain unauthorized information from mobile users?
A. IV attack
B. Evil twin
C. War driving
D. Rogue access point
Answer: B
QUESTION 498
Which of the following types of application attacks would be used to identify malware causing
security breaches that have NOT yet been identified by any trusted sources?
A. Zero-day
B. LDAP injection
C. XML injection
D. Directory traversal
Answer: A
QUESTION 499
Which of the following is built into the hardware of most laptops but is not setup for centralized
management by default?
A. Whole disk encryption
B. TPM encryption
C. USB encryption
D. Individual file encryption
Answer: B
QUESTION 500
Which of the following is true about the recovery agent?
A. It can decrypt messages of users who lost their private key.
B. It can recover both the private and public key of federated users.
C. It can recover and provide users with their lost or private key.
D. It can recover and provide users with their lost public key.
Answer: A
QUESTION 501
Which of the following MOST specifically defines the procedures to follow when scheduled
system patching fails resulting in system outages?
A. Risk transference
B. Change management
C. Configuration management
D. Access control revalidation
Answer: B
QUESTION 502
A review of the company's network traffic shows that most of the malware infections are caused
by users visiting gambling and gaming websites. The security manager wants to implement a
solution that will block these websites, scan all web traffic for signs of malware, and block the
malware before it enters the company network. Which of the following is suited for this purpose?
A. ACL
B. IDS
C. UTM
D. Firewall
Answer: C
QUESTION 503
Which of the following would the security engineer set as the subnet mask for the servers below
to utilize host addresses on separate broadcast domains?

Server 1: 192.168.100.6
Server 2: 192.168.100.9
Server 3: 192.169.100.20

A. /24
B. /27
C. /28
D. /29
E. /30
Answer: D
QUESTION 504
Which of the following offerings typically allows the customer to apply operating system patches?
A. Software as a service
B. Public Clouds
C. Cloud Based Storage
D. Infrastructure as a service
Answer: D
QUESTION 505
A technician is unable to manage a remote server. Which of the following ports should be opened
on the firewall for remote server management? (Select TWO).
A. 22
B. 135
C. 137
D. 143
E. 443
F. 3389
Answer: AF
QUESTION 506
Which of the following network design elements allows for many internal devices to share one
public IP address?
A. DNAT
B. PAT
C. DNS
D. DMZ
Answer: B
QUESTION 507
When designing a new network infrastructure, a security administrator requests that the intranet
web server be placed in an isolated area of the network for security purposes. Which of the
following design elements would be implemented to comply with the security administrator's
request?
A. DMZ
B. Cloud services
C. Virtualization
D. Sandboxing
Answer: A
QUESTION 508
Which of the following components of an all-in-one security appliance would MOST likely be
configured in order to restrict access to peer-to-peer file sharing websites?
A. Spam filter
B. URL filter
C. Content inspection
D. Malware inspection
Answer: B
QUESTION 509
At an organization, unauthorized users have been accessing network resources via unused
network wall jacks. Which of the following would be used to stop unauthorized access?
A. Configure an access list.
B. Configure spanning tree protocol.
C. Configure port security.
D. Configure loop protection.
Answer: C
QUESTION 510
Users report that they are unable to access network printing services. The security technician
checks the router access list and sees that web, email, and secure shell are allowed. Which of
the following is blocking network printing?
A. Port security
B. Flood guards
C. Loop protection
D. Implicit deny
Answer: D
QUESTION 511
Joe, a security administrator, believes that a network breach has occurred in the datacenter as a
result of a misconfigured router access list, allowing outside access to an SSH server. Which of
the following should Joe search for in the log files?
A. Failed authentication attempts
B. Network ping sweeps
C. Host port scans
D. Connections to port 22
Answer: D
QUESTION 512
Which of the following firewall types inspects Ethernet traffic at the MOST levels of the OSI
model?
A. Packet Filter Firewall
B. Stateful Firewall
C. Proxy Firewall
D. Application Firewall
Answer: B
QUESTION 513
A security analyst needs to logon to the console to perform maintenance on a remote server.
Which of the following protocols would provide secure access?
A. SCP
B. SSH
C. SFTP
D. HTTPS
Answer: B
QUESTION 514
The network administrator has been tasked to rebuild a compromised web server. The
administrator is to remove the malware and install all the necessary updates and patches. This
represents which of the following stages of the Incident Handling Response?
A. Lessons Learned
B. Plan of action
C. Eradication
D. Reconstitution
Answer: C
QUESTION 515
Management has been informed of an increased number of tailgating violations into the server
room. Which of the following is the BEST method of preventing future violations?
A. Security Guards
B. Man Traps
C. Proximity Cards
D. Biometrics authentication
Answer: B
QUESTION 516
Ann, a newly hired human resource employee, sent out confidential emails with digital signatures,
to an unintended group. Which of the following would prevent her from denying accountability?
A. Email Encryption
B. Steganography
C. Non Repudiation
D. Access Control
Answer: C
QUESTION 517
Ann would like to forward some Personal Identifiable Information to her HR department by email,
but she is worried about the confidentiality of the information. Which of the following will
accomplish this task securely?
A. Digital Signatures
B. Hashing
C. Secret Key
D. Encryption
Answer: D
QUESTION 518
Ann, a technician, is attempting to establish a remote terminal session to an end user's computer
using Kerberos authentication, but she cannot connect to the destination machine. Which of the
following default ports should Ann ensure is open?
A. 22
B. 139
C. 443
D. 3389
Answer: D
QUESTION 519
Concurrent use of a firewall, content filtering, antivirus software and an IDS system would be
considered components of:
A. Redundant systems.
B. Separation of duties.
C. Layered security.
D. Application control.
Answer: C
QUESTION 520
A company is trying to limit the risk associated with the use of unapproved USB devices to copy
documents. Which of the following would be the BEST technology control to use in this scenario?
A. Content filtering
B. IDS
C. Audit logs
D. DLP
Answer: D
QUESTION 521
A company's employees were victims of a spear phishing campaign impersonating the CEO. The
company would now like to implement a solution to improve the overall security posture by
assuring their employees that email originated from the CEO. Which of the following controls
could they implement to BEST meet this goal?
A. Spam filter
B. Digital signatures
C. Antivirus software
D. Digital certificates
Answer: B
QUESTION 522
Which of the following is a security risk regarding the use of public P2P as a method of
collaboration?
A. Data integrity is susceptible to being compromised.
B. Monitoring data changes induces a higher cost.
C. Users are not responsible for data usage tracking.
D. Limiting the amount of necessary space for data storage.
Answer: A
QUESTION 523
The method to provide end users of IT systems and applications with requirements related to
acceptable use, privacy, new threats and trends, and use of social networking is:
A. Security awareness training.
B. BYOD security training.
C. Role-based security training.
D. Legal compliance training.
Answer: A
QUESTION 524
After an audit, it was discovered that the security group memberships were not properly adjusted
for employees' accounts when they moved from one role to another. Which of the following has
the organization failed to properly implement? (Select TWO).
A. Mandatory access control enforcement.
B. User rights and permission reviews.
C. Technical controls over account management.
D. Account termination procedures.
E. Management controls over account management.
F. Incident management and response plan.
Answer: BE
QUESTION 525
A security technician wishes to gather and analyze all Web traffic during a particular time period.
Which of the following represents the BEST approach to gathering the required data?
A. Configure a VPN concentrator to log all traffic destined for ports 80 and 443.
B. Configure a proxy server to log all traffic destined for ports 80 and 443.
C. Configure a switch to log all traffic destined for ports 80 and 443.
D. Configure a NIDS to log all traffic destined for ports 80 and 443.
Answer: B
QUESTION 526
A security administrator suspects that an increase in the amount of TFTP traffic on the network is
due to unauthorized file transfers, and wants to configure a firewall to block all TFTP traffic.
Which of the following would accomplish this task?
A. Deny TCP port 68
B. Deny TCP port 69
C. Deny UDP port 68
D. Deny UCP port 69
Answer: D
QUESTION 527
A company determines a need for additional protection from rogue devices plugging into physical
ports around the building. Which of the following provides the highest degree of protection from
unauthorized wired network access?
A. Intrusion Prevention Systems
B. MAC filtering
C. Flood guards
D. 802.1x
Answer: D
QUESTION 528
The Chief Technical Officer (CTO) is worried about an increased amount of malware detected on
end user's workstations. Which of the following technologies should be recommended to detect
such anomalies?
A. NIDS
B. Web content filter
C. Host-based IDS
D. Web application firewall
Answer: C
QUESTION 529
The network security engineer just deployed an IDS on the network, but the Chief Technical
Officer (CTO) has concerns that the device is only able to detect known anomalies. Which of the
following types of IDS has been deployed?
A. Signature Based IDS
B. Heuristic IDS
C. Behavior Based IDS
D. Anomaly Based IDS
Answer: A
QUESTION 530
Joe, a newly hired employee, has a corporate workstation that has been compromised due to
several visits to P2P sites. Joe insisted that he was not aware of any company policy that
prohibits the use of such web sites. Which of the following is the BEST method to deter
employees from the improper use of the company's information systems?
A. Acceptable Use Policy
B. Privacy Policy
C. Security Policy
D. Human Resource Policy
Answer: A
QUESTION 531
A compromised workstation utilized in a Distributed Denial of Service (DDOS) attack has been
removed from the network and an image of the hard drive has been created. However, the
system administrator stated that the system was left unattended for several hours before the
image was created. In the event of a court case, which of the following is likely to be an issue with
this incident?
A. Eye Witness
B. Data Analysis of the hard drive
C. Chain of custody
D. Expert Witness
Answer: C
QUESTION 532
The Chief Technical Officer (CTO) has tasked The Computer Emergency Response Team
(CERT) to develop and update all Internal Operating Procedures and Standard Operating
Procedures documentation in order to successfully respond to future incidents. Which of the
following stages of the Incident Handling process is the team working on?
A. Lessons Learned
B. Eradication
C. Recovery
D. Preparation
Answer: D
QUESTION 533
Company XYZ recently salvaged company laptops and removed all hard drives, but the Chief
Information Officer (CIO) is concerned about disclosure of confidential information. Which of the
following is the MOST secure method to dispose of these hard drives?
A. Degaussing
B. Physical Destruction
C. Lock up hard drives in a secure safe
D. Wipe
Answer: B
QUESTION 534
During which of the following phases of the Incident Response process should a security
administrator define and implement general defense against malware?
A. Lessons Learned
B. Preparation
C. Eradication
D. Identification
Answer: B
QUESTION 535
A company has recently implemented a high density wireless system by having a junior
technician install two new access points for every access point already deployed. Users are now
reporting random wireless disconnections and slow network connectivity. Which of the following is
the MOST likely cause?
A. The old APs use 802.11a
B. Users did not enter the MAC of the new APs
C. The new APs use MIMO
D. A site survey was not conducted
Answer: D
QUESTION 536
A company provides secure wireless Internet access for visitors and vendors working onsite.
Some of the vendors using older technology report that they are unable to access the wireless
network after entering the correct network information. Which of the following is the MOST likely
reason for this issue?
A. The SSID broadcast is disabled.
B. The company is using the wrong antenna type.
C. The MAC filtering is disabled on the access point.
D. The company is not using strong enough encryption.
Answer: A
QUESTION 537
A company is looking to reduce the likelihood of employees in the finance department being
involved with money laundering. Which of the following controls would BEST mitigate this risk?
A. Implement privacy policies
B. Enforce mandatory vacations
C. Implement a security policy
D. Enforce time of day restrictions
Answer: B
QUESTION 538
A company recently experienced data loss when a server crashed due to a midday power outage.
Which of the following should be used to prevent this from occurring again?
A. Recovery procedures
B. EMI shielding
C. Environmental monitoring
D. Redundancy
Answer: D
QUESTION 539
Joe, a security administrator, is concerned with users tailgating into the restricted areas. Given a
limited budget, which of the following would BEST assist Joe with detecting this activity?
A. Place a full-time guard at the entrance to confirm user identity.
B. Install a camera and DVR at the entrance to monitor access.
C. Revoke all proximity badge access to make users justify access.
D. Install a motion detector near the entrance.
Answer: B
QUESTION 540
It is important to staff who use email messaging to provide PII to others on a regular basis to have
confidence that their messages are not intercepted or altered during transmission. They are
concerned about which of the following types of security control?
A. Integrity
B. Safety
C. Availability
D. Confidentiality
Answer: A
QUESTION 541
A security manager requires fencing around the perimeter, and cipher locks on all entrances. The
manager is concerned with which of the following security controls?
A. Integrity
B. Availability
C. Confidentiality
D. Safety
Answer: D
QUESTION 542
A security engineer is reviewing log data and sees the output below:

POST: /payload.php HTTP/1.1
HOST: localhost
Accept: */*
Referrer: http://localhost/
*******
HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
Connection: close

Log: Access denied with 403. Pattern matches form bypass Which of the following technologies
was MOST likely being used to generate this log?
A. Host-based Intrusion Detection System
B. Web application firewall
C. Network-based Intrusion Detection System
D. Stateful Inspection Firewall
E. URL Content Filter
Answer: B
QUESTION 543
A security team has identified that the wireless signal is broadcasting into the parking lot. To
reduce the risk of an attack against the wireless network from the parking lot, which of the
following controls should be used? (Select TWO).
A. Antenna placement
B. Interference
C. Use WEP
D. Single Sign on
E. Disable the SSID
F. Power levels
Answer: AF
QUESTION 544
An organization does not have adequate resources to administer its large infrastructure. A
security administrator wishes to integrate the security controls of some of the network devices in
the organization. Which of the following methods would BEST accomplish this goal?
A. Unified Threat Management
B. Virtual Private Network
C. Single sign on
D. Role-based management
Answer: A
QUESTION 545
Which of the following would allow the organization to divide a Class C IP address range into
several ranges?
A. DMZ
B. Virtual LANs
C. NAT
D. Subnetting
Answer: D
QUESTION 546
A company's legacy server requires administration using Telnet. Which of the following protocols
could be used to secure communication by offering encryption at a lower OSI layer? (Select
TWO).
A. IPv6
B. SFTP
C. IPSec
D. SSH
E. IPv4
Answer: AC
QUESTION 547
Joe, the Chief Technical Officer (CTO), is concerned about new malware being introduced into
the corporate network. He has tasked the security engineers to implement a technology that is
capable of alerting the team when unusual traffic is on the network. Which of the following types
of technologies will BEST address this scenario?
A. Application Firewall
B. Anomaly Based IDS
C. Proxy Firewall
D. Signature IDS
Answer: B
QUESTION 548
A security administrator wishes to increase the security of the wireless network. Which of the
following BEST addresses this concern?
A. Change the encryption from TKIP-based to CCMP-based.
B. Set all nearby access points to operate on the same channel.
C. Configure the access point to use WEP instead of WPA2.
D. Enable all access points to broadcast their SSIDs.
Answer: A
QUESTION 549
Which of the following describes the purpose of an MOU?
A. Define interoperability requirements
B. Define data backup process
C. Define onboard/offboard procedure
D. Define responsibilities of each party
Answer: D
QUESTION 550
The system administrator has deployed updated security controls for the network to limit risk of
attack. The security manager is concerned that controls continue to function as intended to
maintain appropriate security posture. Which of the following risk mitigation strategies is MOST
important to the security manager?
A. User permissions
B. Policy enforcement
C. Routine audits
D. Change management
Answer: C
QUESTION 551
The security manager received a report that an employee was involved in illegal activity and has
saved data to a workstation's hard drive. During the investigation, local law enforcement's
criminal division confiscates the hard drive as evidence. Which of the following forensic
procedures is involved?
A. Chain of custody
B. System image
C. Take hashes
D. Order of volatility
Answer: A
QUESTION 552
Environmental control measures include which of the following?
A. Access list
B. Lighting
C. Motion detection
D. EMI shielding
Answer: D
QUESTION 553
Which of the following is the BEST concept to maintain required but non-critical server
availability?
A. SaaS site
B. Cold site
C. Hot site
D. Warm site
Answer: D
QUESTION 554
Prior to leaving for an extended vacation, Joe uses his mobile phone to take a picture of his
family in the house living room. Joe posts the picture on a popular social media site together with
the message: "Heading to our two weeks vacation to Italy." Upon returning home, Joe discovers
that the house was burglarized. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the house was
burglarized if nobody knew Joe's home address?
A. Joe has enabled the device access control feature on his mobile phone.
B. Joe's home address can be easily found using the TRACEROUTE command.
C. The picture uploaded to the social media site was geo-tagged by the mobile phone.
D. The message posted on the social media site informs everyone the house will be empty.
Answer: C
QUESTION 555
Which of the following technical controls helps to prevent Smartphones from connecting to a
corporate network?
A. Application white listing
B. Remote wiping
C. Acceptable use policy
D. Mobile device management
Answer: D
QUESTION 556
The Chief Risk Officer is concerned about the new employee BYOD device policy and has
requested the security department implement mobile security controls to protect corporate data in
the event that a device is lost or stolen. The level of protection must not be compromised even if
the communication SIM is removed from the device. Which of the following BEST meets the
requirements? (Select TWO).
A. Asset tracking
B. Screen-locks
C. Geo-tagging
D. Patch management
E. Device encryption
Answer: BE
QUESTION 557
A way to assure data at-rest is secure even in the event of loss or theft is to use:
A. Full device encryption.
B. Special permissions on the file system.
C. Trusted Platform Module integration.
D. Access Control Lists.
Answer: A
QUESTION 558
Which of the following would prevent a user from installing a program on a company-owned
mobile device?
A. White-listing
B. Access control lists
C. Geotagging
D. Remote wipe
Answer: A
QUESTION 559
Which of the following can be used to maintain a higher level of security in a SAN by allowing
isolation of mis-configurations or faults?
A. VLAN
B. Protocol security
C. Port security
D. VSAN
Answer: D
QUESTION 560
The act of magnetically erasing all of the data on a disk is known as:
A. Wiping
B. Dissolution
C. Scrubbing
D. Degaussing
Answer: D
QUESTION 561
LDAP and Kerberos are commonly used for which of the following?
A. To perform queries on a directory service
B. To store usernames and passwords for Federated Identity
C. To sign SSL wildcard certificates for subdomains
D. To utilize single sign-on capabilities
Answer: D
QUESTION 562
A recent audit has revealed weaknesses in the process of deploying new servers and network
devices. Which of the following practices could be used to increase the security posture during
deployment? (Select TWO).
A. Deploy a honeypot
B. Disable unnecessary services
C. Change default passwords
D. Implement an application firewall
E. Penetration testing
Answer: BC
QUESTION 563
Joe, a network security engineer, has visibility to network traffic through network monitoring tools.
However, he's concerned that a disgruntled employee may be targeting a server containing the
company's financial records. Which of the following security mechanism would be MOST
appropriate to confirm Joe's suspicion?
A. HIDS
B. HIPS
C. NIPS
D. NIDS
Answer: A
QUESTION 564
Ann, a security administrator, wishes to replace their RADIUS authentication with a more secure
protocol, which can utilize EAP. Which of the following would BEST fit her objective?
A. CHAP
B. SAML
C. Kerberos
D. Diameter
Answer: D
QUESTION 565
Joe analyzed the following log and determined the security team should implement which of the
following as a mitigation method against further attempts?

 Host 192.168.1.123
  [00:00:01]Successful Login: 015 192.168.1.123 : local
  [00:00:03]Unsuccessful Login: 022 214.34.56.006 :RDP 192.169.1.124
  [00:00:04]Unsuccessful Login: 010 214.34.56.006 :RDP 192.169.1.124
  [00:00:07]Unsuccessful Login: 007 214.34.56.006 :RDP 192.169.1.124
  [00:00:08]Unsuccessful Login: 003 214.34.56.006 :RDP 192.169.1.124
A. Reporting
B. IDS
C. Monitor system logs
D. Hardening
Answer: D
QUESTION 566
A computer supply company is located in a building with three wireless networks. The system
security team implemented a quarterly security scan and saw the following:

SSID State Channel Level
Computer AreUs1 connected 1 70dbm
Computer AreUs5 connected 5 80dbm
Computer AreUS3 connected 3 75dbm
Computer AreUS4 connected 6 95dbm

 Which of the following is this an example of?
A. Rouge access point
B. Near field communication
C. Jamming
D. Packet sniffing
Answer: A
QUESTION 567
Joe, a technician at the local power plant, notices that several turbines had ramp up in cycles
during the week. Further investigation by the system engineering team determined that a
timed .exe file had been uploaded to the system control console during a visit by international
contractors. Which of the following actions should Joe recommend?
A. Create a VLAN for the SCADA
B. Enable PKI for the MainFrame
C. Implement patch management
D. Implement stronger WPA2 Wireless
Answer: A
QUESTION 568
A system administrator has been instructed by the head of security to protect their data at-rest.
Which of the following would provide the strongest protection?
A. Prohibiting removable media
B. Incorporating a full-disk encryption system
C. Biometric controls on data center entry points
D. A host-based intrusion detection system
Answer: B
QUESTION 569
An Information Systems Security Officer (ISSO) has been placed in charge of a classified peer-topeer
network that cannot connect to the Internet. The ISSO can update the antivirus definitions
manually, but which of the following steps is MOST important?
A. A full scan must be run on the network after the DAT file is installed.
B. The signatures must have a hash value equal to what is displayed on the vendor site.
C. The definition file must be updated within seven days.
D. All users must be logged off of the network prior to the installation of the definition file.
Answer: B
QUESTION 570
Ann has taken over as the new head of the IT department. One of her first assignments was to
implement AAA in preparation for the company's new telecommuting policy. When she takes
inventory of the organizations existing network infrastructure, she makes note that it is a mix of
several different vendors. Ann knows she needs a method of secure centralized access to the
company's network resources. Which of the following is the BEST service for Ann to implement?
A. RADIUS
B. LDAP
C. SAML
D. TACACS+
Answer: A
QUESTION 571
A group policy requires users in an organization to use strong passwords that must be changed
every 15 days. Joe and Ann were hired 16 days ago. When Joe logs into the network, he is
prompted to change his password; when Ann logs into the network, she is not prompted to
change her password. Which of the following BEST explains why Ann is not required to change
her password?
A. Ann's user account has administrator privileges.
B. Joe's user account was not added to the group policy.
C. Ann's user account was not added to the group policy.
D. Joe's user account was inadvertently disabled and must be re-created.
Answer: C
QUESTION 572
A new web server has been provisioned at a third party hosting provider for processing credit
card transactions. The security administrator runs the netstat command on the server and notices
that ports 80, 443, and 3389 are in a `listening' state. No other ports are open. Which of the
following services should be disabled to ensure secure communications?
A. HTTPS
B. HTTP
C. RDP
D. TELNET
Answer: B
QUESTION 573
Several employee accounts appear to have been cracked by an attacker. Which of the following
should the security administrator implement to mitigate password cracking attacks? (Select
TWO).
A. Increase password complexity
B. Deploy an IDS to capture suspicious logins
C. Implement password history
D. Implement monitoring of logins
E. Implement password expiration
F. Increase password length
Answer: AF
QUESTION 574
Human Resources suspects an employee is accessing the employee salary database. The
administrator is asked to find out who it is. In order to complete this task, which of the following is
a security control that should be in place?
A. Shared accounts should not be in use
B. Account lockout should be enabled
C. Privileges should be assigned to groups rather than individuals
D. Time of day restrictions should be in use
Answer: A
QUESTION 575
A cafe provides laptops for Internet access to their customers. The cafe is located in the center
corridor of a busy shopping mall. The company has experienced several laptop thefts from the
cafe during peek shopping hours of the day. Corporate has asked that the IT department provide
a solution to eliminate laptop theft. Which of the following would provide the IT department with
the BEST solution?
A. Attach cable locks to each laptop
B. Require each customer to sign an AUP
C. Install a GPS tracking device onto each laptop
D. Install security cameras within the perimeter of the cafe
Answer: A
QUESTION 576
An auditor's report discovered several accounts with no activity for over 60 days. The accounts
were later identified as contractors' accounts who would be returning in three months and would
need to resume the activities. Which of the following would mitigate and secure the auditors
finding?
A. Disable unnecessary contractor accounts and inform the auditor of the update.
B. Reset contractor accounts and inform the auditor of the update.
C. Inform the auditor that the accounts belong to the contractors.
D. Delete contractor accounts and inform the auditor of the update.
Answer: A
QUESTION 577
A company hired Joe, an accountant. The IT administrator will need to create a new account for
Joe. The company uses groups for ease of management and administration of user accounts.
Joe will need network access to all directories, folders and files within the accounting department.
Which of the following configurations will meet the requirements?
A. Create a user account and assign the user account to the accounting group.
B. Create an account with role-based access control for accounting.
C. Create a user account with password reset and notify Joe of the account creation.
D. Create two accounts: a user account and an account with full network administration rights.
Answer: B
QUESTION 578
Ann, the network administrator, has learned from the helpdesk that employees are accessing the
wireless network without entering their domain credentials upon connection. Once the connection
is made, they cannot reach any internal resources, while wired network connections operate
smoothly. Which of the following is MOST likely occurring?
A. A user has plugged in a personal access point at their desk to connect to the network wirelessly.
B. The company is currently experiencing an attack on their internal DNS servers.
C. The company's WEP encryption has been compromised and WPA2 needs to be implemented instead.
D. An attacker has installed an access point nearby in an attempt to capture company information.
Answer: D
QUESTION 579
Ann works at a small company and she is concerned that there is no oversight in the finance
department; specifically, that Joe writes, signs and distributes paychecks, as well as other
expenditures. Which of the following controls can she implement to address this concern?
A. Mandatory vacations
B. Time of day restrictions
C. Least privilege
D. Separation of duties
Answer: D
QUESTION 580
A hospital IT department wanted to secure its doctor's tablets. The IT department wants operating
system level security and the ability to secure the data from alteration. Which of the following
methods would MOST likely work?
A. Cloud storage
B. Removal Media
C. TPM
D. Wiping
Answer: C
QUESTION 581
Customers' credit card information was stolen from a popular video streaming company. A
security consultant determined that the information was stolen, while in transit, from the gaming
consoles of a particular vendor. Which of the following methods should the company consider to
secure this data in the future?
A. Application firewalls
B. Manual updates
C. Firmware version control
D. Encrypted TCP wrappers
Answer: D
QUESTION 582
A new intern was assigned to the system engineering department, which consists of the system
architect and system software developer's teams. These two teams have separate privileges. The
intern requires privileges to view the system architectural drawings and comment on some
software development projects. Which of the following methods should the system administrator
implement?
A. Group base privileges
B. Generic account prohibition
C. User access review
D. Credential management
Answer: A
QUESTION 583
A system security analyst using an enterprise monitoring tool notices an unknown internal host
exfiltrating files to several foreign IP addresses. Which of the following would be an appropriate
mitigation technique?
A. Disabling unnecessary accounts
B. Rogue machine detection
C. Encrypting sensitive files
D. Implementing antivirus
Answer: B
QUESTION 584
One of the system administrators at a company is assigned to maintain a secure computer lab.
The administrator has rights to configure machines, install software, and perform user account
maintenance. However, the administrator cannot add new computers to the domain, because that
requires authorization from the Information Assurance Officer. This is an example of which of the
following?
A. Mandatory access
B. Rule-based access control
C. Least privilege
D. Job rotation
Answer: C
QUESTION 585
Which of the following common access control models is commonly used on systems to ensure a
"need to know" based on classification levels?
A. Role Based Access Controls
B. Mandatory Access Controls
C. Discretionary Access Controls
D. Access Control List
Answer: B
QUESTION 586
A company's security administrator wants to manage PKI for internal systems to help reduce
costs. Which of the following is the FIRST step the security administrator should take?
A. Install a registration server.
B. Generate shared public and private keys.
C. Install a CA
D. Establish a key escrow policy.
Answer: C
QUESTION 587
Which of the following is the BEST approach to perform risk mitigation of user access control
rights?
A. Conduct surveys and rank the results.
B. Perform routine user permission reviews.
C. Implement periodic vulnerability scanning.
D. Disable user accounts that have not been used within the last two weeks.
Answer: B
QUESTION 588
A network consists of various remote sites that connect back to two main locations. Pete, the
security administrator, needs to block TELNET access into the network. Which of the following,
by default, would be the BEST choice to accomplish this goal?
A. Block port 23 on the L2 switch at each remote site
B. Block port 23 on the network firewall
C. Block port 25 on the L2 switch at each remote site
D. Block port 25 on the network firewall
Answer: B
QUESTION 589
Pete, a security administrator, is informed that people from the HR department should not have
access to the accounting department's server, and the accounting department should not have
access to the HR department's server. The network is separated by switches. Which of the
following is designed to keep the HR department users from accessing the accounting
department's server and vice-versa?
A. ACLs
B. VLANs
C. DMZs
D. NATS
Answer: B
QUESTION 590
Which of the following is BEST utilized to actively test security controls on a particular system?
A. Port scanning
B. Penetration test
C. Vulnerability scanning
D. Grey/Gray box
Answer: B
QUESTION 591
Drag and Drop Question
Task: Determine the types of attacks below by selecting an option from the dropdown list.
Answer:
QUESTION 592
Pete, an employee, attempts to visit a popular social networking site but is blocked. Instead, a
page is displayed notifying him that this site cannot be visited. Which of the following is MOST
likely blocking Pete's access to this site?
A. Internet content filter
B. Firewall
C. Proxy server
D. Protocol analyzer
Answer: A
QUESTION 593
Which of the following has serious security implications for large organizations and can potentially
allow an attacker to capture conversations?
A. Subnetting
B. NAT
C. Jabber
D. DMZ
Answer: C
QUESTION 594
Which of the following is a step in deploying a WPA2-Enterprise wireless network?
A. Install a token on the authentication server
B. Install a DHCP server on the authentication server
C. Install an encryption key on the authentication server
D. Install a digital certificate on the authentication server
Answer: D
QUESTION 595
Upper management decides which risk to mitigate based on cost. This is an example of:
A. Qualitative risk assessment
B. Business impact analysis
C. Risk management framework
D. Quantitative risk assessment
Answer: D
QUESTION 596
Drag and Drop Question
You have been tasked with designing a security plan for your company.
Drag and drop the appropriate security controls on the floor plan.
Instructions:
All objects must be used and all place holders must be filled Order does not matter
When you have completed the simulation, please select the Done button to submit.
A. Non-supported format.  Press Enter to skip
Answer:
QUESTION 597
Drag and Drop Question
You are the security administrator. You need to determine the types of security. Drag the items
A. Non-supported format.  Press Enter to skip
Answer:
Explanation:
http://blogs.getcertifiedgetahead.com/security-match-device-controls/
QUESTION 598
Matt, a security administrator, wants to ensure that the message he is sending does not get
intercepted or modified in transit. This concern relates to which of the following concepts?
A. Availability
B. Integrity
C. Accounting
D. Confidentiality
Answer: B
QUESTION 599
Lab Sim - Configure the Firewall
Task: Configure the firewall (fill out the table) to allow these four rules:
2
A. Non-supported format.  Press Enter to skip
Answer:
QUESTION 600
Which of the following should be used when a business needs a block cipher with minimal key
size for internal encryption?
A. AES
B. Blowfish
C. RC5
D. 3DES
Answer: B
QUESTION 601
Which of the following best practices makes a wireless network more difficult to find?
A. Implement MAC filtering
B. UseWPA2-PSK
C. Disable SSD broadcast
D. Power down unused WAPs
Answer: C
QUESTION 602
Sara, a user, downloads a keygen to install pirated software. After running the keygen, system
performance is extremely slow and numerous antivirus alerts are displayed. Which of the
following BEST describes this type of malware?
A. Logic bomb
B. Worm
C. Trojan
D. Adware
Answer: C
QUESTION 603
The use of social networking sites introduces the risk of:
A. Disclosure of proprietary information
B. Data classification issues
C. Data availability issues
D. Broken chain of custody
Answer: A
QUESTION 604
Which the following flags are used to establish a TCP connection? (Select TWO).
A. PSH
B. ACK
C. SYN
D. URG
E. FIN
Answer: BC
QUESTION 605
Which of the following describes the process of removing unnecessary accounts and services
from an application to reduce risk exposure?
A. Error and exception handling
B. Application hardening
C. Application patch management
D. Cross-site script prevention
Answer: B
QUESTION 606
Which of the following MUST Matt, a security administrator, implement to verify both the integrity
and authenticity of a message while requiring a shared secret?
A. RIPEMD
B. MD5
C. SHA
D. HMAC
Answer: D
QUESTION 607
Visitors entering a building are required to close the back door before the front door of the same
entry room is open. Which of the following is being described?
A. Tailgating
B. Fencing
C. Screening
D. Mantrap
Answer: D
QUESTION 608
Which of the following software allows a network administrator to inspect the protocol header in
order to troubleshoot network issues?
A. URL filter
B. Spam filter
C. Packet sniffer
D. Switch
Answer: C
QUESTION 609
Which of the following ports would be blocked if Pete, a security administrator, wants to deny
access to websites?
A. 21
B. 25
C. 80
D. 3389
Answer: C
QUESTION 610
Which of the following would Pete, a security administrator, do to limit a wireless signal from
penetrating the exterior walls?
A. Implement TKIP encryption
B. Consider antenna placement
C. Disable the SSID broadcast
D. Disable WPA
Answer: B
QUESTION 611
Which of the following is where an unauthorized device is found allowing access to a network?
A. Bluesnarfing
B. Rogue access point
C. Honeypot
D. IV attack
Answer: B
QUESTION 612
Which of the following attacks allows access to contact lists on cellular phones?
A. War chalking
B. Blue jacking
C. Packet sniffing
D. Bluesnarfing
Answer: D
QUESTION 613
Which of the following can hide confidential or malicious data in the whitespace of other files (e.g.
JPEGs)?
A. Hashing
B. Transport encryption
C. Digital signatures
D. Steganography
Answer: D
QUESTION 614
Which of the following identifies certificates that have been compromised or suspected of being
compromised?
A. Certificate revocation list
B. Access control list
C. Key escrow registry
D. Certificate authority
Answer: A
QUESTION 615
Which of the following BEST allows Pete, a security administrator, to determine the type, source,
and flags of the packet traversing a network for troubleshooting purposes?
A. Switches
B. Protocol analyzers
C. Routers
D. Web security gateways
Answer: B
QUESTION 616
Which of the following is the MOST important step for preserving evidence during forensic
procedures?
A. Involve law enforcement
B. Chain of custody
C. Record the time of the incident
D. Report within one hour of discovery
Answer: B
QUESTION 617
Highly sensitive data is stored in a database and is accessed by an application on a DMZ server.
The disk drives on all servers are fully encrypted. Communication between the application server
and end-users is also encrypted. Network ACLs prevent any connections to the database server
except from the application server. Which of the following can still result in exposure of the
sensitive data in the database server?
A. SQL Injection
B. Theft of the physical database server
C. Cookies
D. Cross-site scripting
Answer: A
QUESTION 618
The fundamental information security principals include confidentiality, availability and which of
the following?
A. The ability to secure data against unauthorized disclosure to external sources
B. The capacity of a system to resist unauthorized changes to stored information
C. The confidence with which a system can attest to the identity of a user
D. The characteristic of a system to provide uninterrupted service to authorized users
Answer: B
QUESTION 619
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of users being unable to verify a single user's
email signature and that user being unable to decrypt sent messages?
A. Unmatched key pairs
B. Corrupt key escrow
C. Weak public key
D. Weak private key
Answer: A
QUESTION 620
Full disk encryption is MOST effective against which of the following threats?
A. Denial of service by data destruction
B. Eavesdropping emanations
C. Malicious code
D. Theft of hardware
Answer: D
QUESTION 621
Which of the following may cause Jane, the security administrator, to seek an ACL work around?
A. Zero day exploit
B. Dumpster diving
C. Virus outbreak
D. Tailgating
Answer: A
QUESTION 622
In order to use a two-way trust model the security administrator MUST implement which of the
following?
A. DAC
B. PKI
C. HTTPS
D. TPM
Answer: B
QUESTION 623
Which of the following would a security administrator use to verify the integrity of a file?
A. Time stamp
B. MAC times
C. File descriptor
D. Hash
Answer: D
QUESTION 624
Which of the following is a best practice when securing a switch from physical access?
A. Disable unnecessary accounts
B. Print baseline configuration
C. Enable access lists
D. Disable unused ports
Answer: D
QUESTION 625
A security administrator needs to image a large hard drive for forensic analysis. Which of the
following will allow for faster imaging to a second hard drive?
A. cp /dev/sda /dev/sdb bs=8k
B. tail -f /dev/sda > /dev/sdb bs=8k
C. dd in=/dev/sda out=/dev/sdb bs=4k
D. locate /dev/sda /dev/sdb bs=4k
Answer: C
QUESTION 626
Sara, an employee, tethers her smartphone to her work PC to bypass the corporate web security
gateway while connected to the LAN. While Sara is out at lunch her PC is compromised via the
tethered connection and corporate data is stolen. Which of the following would BEST prevent this
from occurring again?
A. Disable the wireless access and implement strict router ACLs.
B. Reduce restrictions on the corporate web security gateway.
C. Security policy and threat awareness training.
D. Perform user rights and permissions reviews.
Answer: C
QUESTION 627
Which of the following can be implemented if a security administrator wants only certain devices
connecting to the wireless network?
A. Disable SSID broadcast
B. Install a RADIUS server
C. Enable MAC filtering
D. Lowering power levels on the AP
Answer: C
QUESTION 628
Which of the following malware types typically allows an attacker to monitor a user's computer, is
characterized by a drive-by download, and requires no user interaction?
A. Virus
B. Logic bomb
C. Spyware
D. Adware
Answer: C
QUESTION 629
Which of the following malware types may require user interaction, does not hide itself, and is
commonly identified by marketing pop-ups based on browsing habits?
A. Botnet
B. Rootkit
C. Adware
D. Virus
Answer: C
QUESTION 630
Which of the following is characterized by an attack against a mobile device?
A. Evil twin
B. Header manipulation
C. Blue jacking
D. Rogue AP
Answer: C
QUESTION 631
Which of the following application attacks is used against a corporate directory service where
there are unknown servers on the network?
A. Rogue access point
B. Zero day attack
C. Packet sniffing
D. LDAP injection
Answer: D
QUESTION 632
Which of the following protocols allows for the LARGEST address space?
A. IPX
B. IPv4
C. IPv6
D. Appletalk
Answer: C
QUESTION 633
Who should be contacted FIRST in the event of a security breach?
A. Forensics analysis team
B. Internal auditors
C. Incident response team
D. Software vendors
Answer: C
QUESTION 634
A security administrator examines a network session to a compromised database server with a
packet analyzer. Within the session there is a repeated series of the hex character 90 (x90).
Which of the following attack types has occurred?
A. Buffer overflow
B. Cross-site scripting
C. XML injection
D. SQL injection
Answer: A
QUESTION 635
Which of the following is an example of a false negative?
A. The IDS does not identify a buffer overflow.
B. Anti-virus identifies a benign application as malware.
C. Anti-virus protection interferes with the normal operation of an application.
D. A user account is locked out after the user mistypes the password too many times.
Answer: A
QUESTION 636
Which of the following access controls enforces permissions based on data labeling at specific
levels?
A. Mandatory access control
B. Separation of duties access control
C. Discretionary access control
D. Role based access control
Answer: A
QUESTION 637
Sara, a security administrator, manually hashes all network device configuration files daily and
compares them to the previous days' hashes. Which of the following security concepts is Sara
using?
A. Confidentiality
B. Compliance
C. Integrity
D. Availability
Answer: C
QUESTION 638
Which of the following would be used to identify the security posture of a network without actually
exploiting any weaknesses?
A. Penetration test
B. Code review
C. Vulnerability scan
D. Brute Force scan
Answer: C
QUESTION 639
Which of the following authentication services uses a ticket granting system to provide access?
A. RADIUS
B. LDAP
C. TACACS+
D. Kerberos
Answer: D
QUESTION 640
Matt, a security administrator, wants to configure all the switches and routers in the network in
order to securely monitor their status. Which of the following protocols would he need to configure
on each device?
A. SMTP
B. SNMPv3
C. IPSec
D. SNMP
Answer: B
QUESTION 641
Jane, the security administrator, sets up a new AP but realizes too many outsiders are able to
connect to that AP and gain unauthorized access. Which of the following would be the BEST way
to mitigate this issue and still provide coverage where needed? (Select TWO).
A. Disable the wired ports
B. Use channels 1, 4 and 7 only
C. Enable MAC filtering
D. Disable SSID broadcast
E. Switch from 802.11a to 802.11b
Answer: CD
QUESTION 642
The public key is used to perform which of the following? (Select THREE).
A. Validate the CRL
B. Validate the identity of an email sender
C. Encrypt messages
D. Perform key recovery
E. Decrypt messages
F. Perform key escrow
Answer: BCE
QUESTION 643
Which of the following is BEST used to break a group of IP addresses into smaller network
segments or blocks?
A. NAT
B. Virtualization
C. NAC
D. Subnetting
Answer: D
QUESTION 644
Which of the following would BEST be used to calculate the expected loss of an event, if the
likelihood of an event occurring is known? (Select TWO).
A. DAC
B. ALE
C. SLE
D. ARO
E. ROI
Answer: BC
QUESTION 645
An administrator wants to minimize the amount of time needed to perform backups during the
week. It is also acceptable to the administrator for restoration to take an extended time frame.
Which of the following strategies would the administrator MOST likely implement?
A. Full backups on the weekend and incremental during the week
B. Full backups on the weekend and full backups every day
C. Incremental backups on the weekend and differential backups every day
D. Differential backups on the weekend and full backups every day
Answer: A
QUESTION 646
Which of the following can be utilized in order to provide temporary IT support during a disaster,
where the organization sets aside funds for contingencies, but does not necessarily have a
dedicated site to restore those services?
A. Hot site
B. Warm site
C. Cold site
D. Mobile site
Answer: D
QUESTION 647
Which of the following is BEST utilized to identify common misconfigurations throughout the
enterprise?
A. Vulnerability scanning
B. Port scanning
C. Penetration testing
D. Black box
Answer: A
QUESTION 648
Which of the following is an attack vector that can cause extensive physical damage to a
datacenter without physical access?
A. CCTV system access
B. Dial-up access
C. Changing environmental controls
D. Ping of death
Answer: C
QUESTION 649
Which of the following policies is implemented in order to minimize data loss or theft?
A. PII handling
B. Password policy
C. Chain of custody
D. Zero day exploits
Answer: A
QUESTION 650
Which of the following provides the HIGHEST level of confidentiality on a wireless network?
A. Disabling SSID broadcast
B. MAC filtering
C. WPA2
D. Packet switching
Answer: C
QUESTION 651
A security administrator is aware that a portion of the company's Internet-facing network tends to
be non-secure due to poorly configured and patched systems. The business owner has accepted
the risk of those systems being compromised, but the administrator wants to determine the
degree to which those systems can be used to gain access to the company intranet. Which of the
following should the administrator perform?
A. Patch management assessment
B. Business impact assessment
C. Penetration test
D. Vulnerability assessment
Answer: C
QUESTION 652
Which of the following should be implemented to stop an attacker from mapping out addresses
and/or devices on a network?
A. Single sign on
B. IPv6
C. Secure zone transfers
D. VoIP
Answer: C
QUESTION 653
Sara, the Chief Information Officer (CIO), has requested an audit take place to determine what
services and operating systems are running on the corporate network. Which of the following
should be used to complete this task?
A. Fingerprinting and password crackers
B. Fuzzing and a port scan
C. Vulnerability scan and fuzzing
D. Port scan and fingerprinting
Answer: D
QUESTION 654
Matt, a systems security engineer, is determining which credential-type authentication to use
within a planned 802.1x deployment. He is looking for a method that does not require a client
certificate, has a server side certificate, and uses TLS tunnels for encryption. Which credentialtype
authentication method BEST fits these requirements?
A. EAP-TLS
B. EAP-FAST
C. PEAP-CHAP
D. PEAP-MSCHAPv2
Answer: D
QUESTION 655
Matt, the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), tells the network administrator that a security
company has been hired to perform a penetration test against his network. The security company
asks Matt which type of testing would be most beneficial for him. Which of the following BEST
describes what the security company might do during a black box test?
A. The security company is provided with all network ranges, security devices in place, and logical maps
of the network.
B. The security company is provided with no information about the corporate network or physical locations.
C. The security company is provided with limited information on the network, including all network diagrams.
D. The security company is provided with limited information on the network, including some subnet ranges
and logical network diagrams.
Answer: B
QUESTION 656
Corporate IM presents multiple concerns to enterprise IT. Which of the following concerns should
Jane, the IT security manager, ensure are under control? (Select THREE).
A. Authentication
B. Data leakage
C. Compliance
D. Malware
E. Non-repudiation
F. Network loading
Answer: BCD
QUESTION 657
The use of social networking sites introduces the risk of:
A. Disclosure of proprietary information.
B. Data classification issues.
C. Data availability issues.
D. Broken chain of custody.
Answer: A
QUESTION 658
Account lockout is a mitigation strategy used by Jane, the administrator, to combat which of the
following attacks? (Select TWO).
A. Spoofing
B. Man-in-the-middle
C. Dictionary
D. Brute force
E. Privilege escalation
Answer: CD
QUESTION 659
Which of the following controls mitigates the risk of Matt, an attacker, gaining access to a
company network by using a former employee's credential?
A. Account expiration
B. Password complexity
C. Account lockout
D. Dual factor authentication
Answer: A
QUESTION 660
Pete, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of a company, has increased his travel plans for the next
two years to improve business relations. Which of the following would need to be in place in case
something happens to Pete?
A. Succession planning
B. Disaster recovery
C. Separation of duty
D. Removing single loss expectancy
Answer: A
QUESTION 661
In order to prevent and detect fraud, which of the following should be implemented?
A. Job rotation
B. Risk analysis
C. Incident management
D. Employee evaluations
Answer: A
QUESTION 662
Which of the following BEST represents the goal of a vulnerability assessment?
A. To test how a system reacts to known threats
B. To reduce the likelihood of exploitation
C. To determine the system's security posture
D. To analyze risk mitigation strategies
Answer: C
QUESTION 663
An administrator notices an unusual spike in network traffic from many sources. The administrator
suspects that:
A. it is being caused by the presence of a rogue access point.
B. it is the beginning of a DDoS attack.
C. the IDS has been compromised.
D. the internal DNS tables have been poisoned.
Answer: B
QUESTION 664
A customer service department has a business need to send high volumes of confidential
information to customers electronically. All emails go through a DLP scanner. Which of the
following is the BEST solution to meet the business needs and protect confidential information?
A. Automatically encrypt impacted outgoing emails
B. Automatically encrypt impacted incoming emails
C. Monitor impacted outgoing emails
D. Prevent impacted outgoing emails
Answer: A
QUESTION 665
Which of the following cryptographic algorithms is MOST often used with IPSec?
A. Blowfish
B. Twofish
C. RC4
D. HMAC
Answer: D
QUESTION 666
Users require access to a certain server depending on their job function. Which of the following
would be the MOST appropriate strategy for securing the server?
A. Common access card
B. Role based access control
C. Discretionary access control
D. Mandatory access control
Answer: B
QUESTION 667
Pete, a security administrator, has observed repeated attempts to break into the network. Which
of the following is designed to stop an intrusion on the network?
A. NIPS
B. HIDS
C. HIPS
D. NIDS
Answer: A
QUESTION 668
Which of the following would Pete, a security administrator, MOST likely implement in order to
allow employees to have secure remote access to certain internal network services such as file
servers?
A. Packet filtering firewall
B. VPN gateway
C. Switch
D. Router
Answer: B
QUESTION 669
Which of the following should be done before resetting a user's password due to expiration?
A. Verify the user's domain membership.
B. Verify the user's identity.
C. Advise the user of new policies.
D. Verify the proper group membership.
Answer: B
QUESTION 670
Which of the following hardware based encryption devices is used as a part of multi-factor
authentication to access a secured computing system?
A. Database encryption
B. USB encryption
C. Whole disk encryption
D. TPM
Answer: B
QUESTION 671
Establishing a published chart of roles, responsibilities, and chain of command to be used during
a disaster is an example of which of the following?
A. Fault tolerance
B. Succession planning
C. Business continuity testing
D. Recovery point objectives
Answer: B
QUESTION 672
In PKI, a key pair consists of: (Select TWO).
A. A key ring
B. A public key
C. A private key
D. Key escrow
E. A passphrase
Answer: BC
QUESTION 673
Speaking a passphrase into a voice print analyzer is an example of which of the following security
concepts?
A. Two factor authentication
B. Identification and authorization
C. Single sign-on
D. Single factor authentication
Answer: A
QUESTION 674
Which of the following secure file transfer methods uses port 22 by default?
A. FTPS
B. SFTP
C. SSL
D. S/MIME
Answer: B
QUESTION 675
While setting up a secure wireless corporate network, which of the following should Pete, an
administrator, avoid implementing?
A. EAP-TLS
B. PEAP
C. WEP
D. WPA
Answer: C
QUESTION 676
Due to limited resources, a company must reduce their hardware budget while still maintaining
availability. Which of the following would MOST likely help them achieve their objectives?
A. Virtualization
B. Remote access
C. Network access control
D. Blade servers
Answer: A
QUESTION 677
A user has several random browser windows opening on their computer. Which of the following
programs can be installed on his machine to help prevent this from happening?
A. Antivirus
B. Pop-up blocker
C. Spyware blocker
D. Anti-spam
Answer: B
QUESTION 678
A company is installing a new security measure that would allow one person at a time to be
authenticated to an area without human interaction. Which of the following does this describe?
A. Fencing
B. Mantrap
C. A guard
D. Video surveillance
Answer: B
QUESTION 679
When employees that use certificates leave the company they should be added to which of the
following?
A. PKI
B. CA
C. CRL
D. TKIP
Answer: C
QUESTION 680
Several departments within a company have a business need to send high volumes of
confidential information to customers via email. Which of the following is the BEST solution to
mitigate unintentional exposure of confidential information?
A. Employ encryption on all outbound emails containing confidential information.
B. Employ exact data matching and prevent inbound emails with Data Loss Prevention.
C. Employ hashing on all outbound emails containing confidential information.
D. Employ exact data matching and encrypt inbound e-mails with Data Loss Prevention.
Answer: A
QUESTION 681
An administrator is looking to implement a security device which will be able to not only detect
network intrusions at the organization level, but help defend against them as well. Which of the
following is being described here?
A. NIDS
B. NIPS
C. HIPS
D. HIDS
Answer: B
QUESTION 682
A company has implemented PPTP as a VPN solution. Which of the following ports would need
to be opened on the firewall in order for this VPN to function properly? (Select TWO).
A. UDP 1723
B. TCP 500
C. TCP 1723
D. UDP 47
E. TCP 47
Answer: CD
QUESTION 683
Mike, a user, states that he is receiving several unwanted emails about home loans. Which of the
following is this an example of?
A. Spear phishing
B. Hoaxes
C. Spoofing
D. Spam
Answer: D
QUESTION 684
Which of the following must a user implement if they want to send a secret message to a coworker
by embedding it within an image?
A. Transport encryption
B. Steganography
C. Hashing
D. Digital signature
Answer: B
QUESTION 685
Pete, a network administrator, is implementing IPv6 in the DMZ. Which of the following protocols
must he allow through the firewall to ensure the web servers can be reached via IPv6 from an
IPv6 enabled Internet host?
A. TCP port 443 and IP protocol 46
B. TCP port 80 and TCP port 443
C. TCP port 80 and ICMP
D. TCP port 443 and SNMP
Answer: C
QUESTION 686
Sara, a security technician, has received notice that a vendor coming in for a presentation will
require access to a server outside of the network. Currently, users are only able to access remote
sites through a VPN connection. How could Sara BEST accommodate the vendor?
A. Allow incoming IPSec traffic into the vendor's IP address.
B. Set up a VPN account for the vendor, allowing access to the remote site.
C. Turn off the firewall while the vendor is in the office, allowing access to the remote site.
D. Write a firewall rule to allow the vendor to have access to the remote site.
Answer: D
QUESTION 687
Which of the following is the BEST method for ensuring all files and folders are encrypted on all
corporate laptops where the file structures are unknown?
A. Folder encryption
B. File encryption
C. Whole disk encryption
D. Steganography
Answer: C
QUESTION 688
Encryption used by RADIUS is BEST described as:
A. Quantum
B. Elliptical curve
C. Asymmetric
D. Symmetric
Answer: D
QUESTION 689
Which of the following is used by the recipient of a digitally signed email to verify the identity of
the sender?
A. Recipient's private key
B. Sender's public key
C. Recipient's public key
D. Sender's private key
Answer: B
QUESTION 690
A security analyst has been tasked with securing a guest wireless network. They recommend the
company use an authentication server but are told the funds are not available to set this up.
Which of the following BEST allows the analyst to restrict user access to approved devices?
A. Antenna placement
B. Power level adjustment
C. Disable SSID broadcasting
D. MAC filtering
Answer: D
QUESTION 691
A supervisor in the human resources department has been given additional job duties in the
accounting department. Part of their new duties will be to check the daily balance sheet
calculations on spreadsheets that are restricted to the accounting group. In which of the following
ways should the account be handled?
A. The supervisor should be allowed to have access to the spreadsheet files, and their membership
in the human resources group should be terminated.
B. The supervisor should be removed from the human resources group and added to the accounting group.
C. The supervisor should be added to the accounting group while maintaining their membership in the
human resources group.
D. The supervisor should only maintain membership in the human resources group.
Answer: C
QUESTION 692
Which of the following security benefits would be gained by disabling a terminated user account
rather than deleting it?
A. Retention of user keys
B. Increased logging on access attempts
C. Retention of user directories and files
D. Access to quarantined files
Answer: A
QUESTION 693
Which of the following security architecture elements also has sniffer functionality? (Select TWO).
A. HSM
B. IPS
C. SSL accelerator
D. WAP
E. IDS
Answer: BE
QUESTION 694
Jane, an IT security technician, needs to create a way to secure company mobile devices. Which
of the following BEST meets this need?
A. Implement voice encryption, pop-up blockers, and host-based firewalls.
B. Implement firewalls, network access control, and strong passwords.
C. Implement screen locks, device encryption, and remote wipe capabilities.
D. Implement application patch management, antivirus, and locking cabinets.
Answer: C
QUESTION 695
Which of the following should a security technician implement to identify untrusted certificates?
A. CA
B. PKI
C. CRL
D. Recovery agent
Answer: C
QUESTION 696
Pete, an employee, needs a certificate to encrypt data. Which of the following would issue Pete a
certificate?
A. Certification authority
B. Key escrow
C. Certificate revocation list
D. Registration authority
Answer: A
QUESTION 697
Sara, a security engineer, is testing encryption ciphers for performance. Which of the following
ciphers offers strong encryption with the FASTEST speed?
A. 3DES
B. Blowfish
C. Serpent
D. AES256
Answer: B
QUESTION 698
Which of the following is an authentication method that can be secured by using SSL?
A. RADIUS
B. LDAP
C. TACACS+
D. Kerberos
Answer: B
QUESTION 699
The Chief Security Officer (CSO) is concerned about misuse of company assets and wishes to
determine who may be responsible. Which of the following would be the BEST course of action?
A. Create a single, shared user account for every system that is audited and logged based upon time of use.
B. Implement a single sign-on application on equipment with sensitive data and high-profile shares.
C. Enact a policy that employees must use their vacation time in a staggered schedule.
D. Separate employees into teams led by a person who acts as a single point of contact for observation purposes.
Answer: C
QUESTION 700
Jane, a VPN administrator, was asked to implement an encryption cipher with a MINIMUM
effective security of 128-bits. Which of the following should Jane select for the tunnel encryption?
A. Blowfish
B. DES
C. SHA256
D. HMAC
Answer: A
QUESTION 701
Which of the following uses both a public and private key?
A. RSA
B. AES
C. MD5
D. SHA
Answer: A
QUESTION 702
Which of the following would Matt, a security administrator, use to encrypt transmissions from an
internal database to an internal server, keeping in mind that the encryption process must add as
little latency to the process as possible?
A. ECC
B. RSA
C. SHA
D. 3DES
Answer: D
QUESTION 703
A database administrator receives a call on an outside telephone line from a person who states
that they work for a well-known database vendor. The caller states there have been problems
applying the newly released vulnerability patch for their database system, and asks what version
is being used so that they can assist. Which of the following is the BEST action for the
administrator to take?
A. Thank the caller, report the contact to the manager, and contact the vendor support line to verify any
reported patch issues.
B. Obtain the vendor's email and phone number and call them back after identifying the number of systems
affected by the patch.
C. Give the caller the database version and patch level so that they can receive help applying the patch.
D. Call the police to report the contact about the database systems, and then check system logs for attack
attempts.
Answer: A
QUESTION 704
The datacenter manager is reviewing a problem with a humidity factor that is too low. Which of
the following environmental problems may occur?
A. EMI emanations
B. Static electricity
C. Condensation
D. Dry-pipe fire suppression
Answer: B
QUESTION 705
A UNIX administrator would like to use native commands to provide a secure way of connecting
to other devices remotely and to securely transfer files. Which of the following protocols could be
utilized? (Select TWO).
A. RDP
B. SNMP
C. FTP
D. SCP
E. SSH
Answer: DE
QUESTION 706
A network administrator has purchased two devices that will act as failovers for each other. Which
of the following concepts does this BEST illustrate?
A. Authentication
B. Integrity
C. Confidentiality
D. Availability
Answer: D
QUESTION 707
Matt, the network engineer, has been tasked with separating network traffic between virtual
machines on a single hypervisor. Which of the following would he implement to BEST address
this requirement? (Select TWO).
A. Virtual switch
B. NAT
C. System partitioning
D. Access-list
E. Disable spanning tree
F. VLAN
Answer: AF
QUESTION 708
Which of the following BEST describes a demilitarized zone?
A. A buffer zone between protected and unprotected networks.
B. A network where all servers exist and are monitored.
C. A sterile, isolated network segment with access lists.
D. A private network that is protected by a firewall and a VLAN.
Answer: A
QUESTION 709
XYZ Corporation is about to purchase another company to expand its operations. The CEO is
concerned about information leaking out, especially with the cleaning crew that comes in at night.
The CEO would like to ensure no paper files are leaked. Which of the following is the BEST policy
to implement?
A. Social media policy
B. Data retention policy
C. CCTV policy
D. Clean desk policy
Answer: D
QUESTION 710
In intrusion detection system vernacular, which account is responsible for setting the security
policy for an organization?
A. Supervisor
B. Administrator
C. Root
D. Director
Answer: B
QUESTION 711
Which of the following is the process in which a law enforcement officer or a government agent
encourages or induces a person to commit a crime when the potential criminal expresses a
desire not to go ahead?
A. Enticement
B. Entrapment
C. Deceit
D. Sting
Answer: B
QUESTION 712
Which of the following types of logs could provide clues that someone has been attempting to
compromise the SQL Server database?
A. Event
B. SQL_LOG
C. Security
D. Access
Answer: A
QUESTION 713
Pete, the system administrator, has concerns regarding users losing their company provided
smartphones. Pete's focus is on equipment recovery. Which of the following BEST addresses his
concerns?
A. Enforce device passwords.
B. Use remote sanitation.
C. Enable GPS tracking.
D. Encrypt stored data.
Answer: C
QUESTION 714
A security administrator wants to deploy security controls to mitigate the threat of company
employees' personal information being captured online. Which of the following would BEST serve
this purpose?
A. Anti-spyware
B. Antivirus
C. Host-based firewall
D. Web content filter
Answer: A
QUESTION 715
Which of the following statements is MOST likely to be included in the security awareness training
about P2P?
A. P2P is always used to download copyrighted material.
B. P2P can be used to improve computer system response.
C. P2P may prevent viruses from entering the network.
D. P2P may cause excessive network bandwidth.
Answer: D
QUESTION 716
A company's chief information officer (CIO) has analyzed the financial loss associated with the
company's database breach. They calculated that one single breach could cost the company
$1,000,000 at a minimum. Which of the following documents is the CIO MOST likely updating?
A. Succession plan
B. Continuity of operation plan
C. Disaster recovery plan
D. Business impact analysis
Answer: D
QUESTION 717
After a production outage, which of the following documents contains detailed information on the
order in which the system should be restored to service?
A. Succession planning
B. Disaster recovery plan
C. Information security plan
D. Business impact analysis
Answer: B
QUESTION 718
Which of the following wireless protocols could be vulnerable to a brute-force password attack?
(Select TWO).
A. WPA2-PSK
B. WPA - EAP - TLS
C. WPA2-CCMP
D. WPA -CCMP
E. WPA - LEAP
F. WEP
Answer: AE
QUESTION 719
An auditor is given access to a conference room to conduct an analysis. When they connect their
laptop's Ethernet cable into the wall jack, they are not able to get a connection to the Internet but
have a link light. Which of the following is MOST likely causing this issue?
A. Ethernet cable is damaged
B. The host firewall is set to disallow outbound connections
C. Network Access Control
D. The switch port is administratively shutdown
Answer: C
QUESTION 720
Which of the following types of trust models is used by a PKI?
A. Transitive
B. Open source
C. Decentralized
D. Centralized
Answer: D
QUESTION 721
A security architect has developed a framework in which several authentication servers work
together to increase processing power for an application. Which of the following does this
represent?
A. Warm site
B. Load balancing
C. Clustering
D. RAID
Answer: C
QUESTION 722
A technician has implemented a system in which all workstations on the network will receive
security updates on the same schedule. Which of the following concepts does this illustrate?
A. Patch management
B. Application hardening
C. White box testing
D. Black box testing
Answer: A
QUESTION 723
Which of the following offers the LEAST amount of protection against data theft by USB drives?
A. DLP
B. Database encryption
C. TPM
D. Cloud computing
Answer: D
QUESTION 724
A security analyst has been informed that the development team has plans to develop an
application which does not meet the company's password policy. Which of the following should
be done NEXT?
A. Contact the Chief Information Officer and ask them to change the company password policy so that
the application is made compliant.
B. Tell the application development manager to code the application to adhere to the company's
password policy.
C. Ask the application development manager to submit a risk acceptance memo so that the issue can
be documented.
D. Inform the Chief Information Officer of non-adherence to the security policy so that the developers
can be reprimanded.
Answer: B
QUESTION 725
A security administrator develops a web page and limits input into their fields on the web page as
well as filters special characters in output. The administrator is trying to prevent which of the
following attacks?
A. Spoofing
B. XSS
C. Fuzzing
D. Pharming
Answer: B
QUESTION 726
Sara, a hacker, is completing a website form to request a free coupon. The site has a field that
limits the request to 3 or fewer coupons. While submitting the form, Sara runs an application on
her machine to intercept the HTTP POST command and change the field from 3 coupons to 30.
Which of the following was used to perform this attack?
A. SQL injection
B. XML injection
C. Packet sniffer
D. Proxy
Answer: B
QUESTION 727
Several users report to the administrator that they are having issues downloading files from the
file server. Which of the following assessment tools can be used to determine if there is an issue
with the file server?
A. MAC filter list
B. Recovery agent
C. Baselines
D. Access list
Answer: C
QUESTION 728
When a new network drop was installed, the cable was run across several fluorescent lights. The
users of the new network drop experience intermittent connectivity. Which of the following
environmental controls was MOST likely overlooked during installation?
A. Humidity sensors
B. EMI shielding
C. Channel interference
D. Cable kinking
Answer: B
QUESTION 729
An administrator configures all wireless access points to make use of a new network certificate
authority. Which of the following is being used?
A. WEP
B. LEAP
C. EAP-TLS
D. TKIP
Answer: C
QUESTION 730
A security analyst noticed a colleague typing the following command:
  'Telnet some-host 443'
Which of the following was the colleague performing?
A. A hacking attempt to the some-host web server with the purpose of achieving a distributed denial
of service attack.
B. A quick test to see if there is a service running on some-host TCP/443, which is being routed correctly
and not blocked by a firewall.
C. Trying to establish an insecure remote management session. The colleague should be using SSH or
terminal services instead.
D. A mistaken port being entered because telnet servers typically do not listen on port 443.
Answer: B
QUESTION 731
An information bank has been established to store contacts, phone numbers and other records.
An application running on UNIX would like to connect to this index server using port 88. Which of
the following authentication services would this use this port by default?
A. Kerberos
B. TACACS+
C. Radius
D. LDAP
Answer: A
QUESTION 732
A database administrator contacts a security administrator to request firewall changes for a
connection to a new internal application. The security administrator notices that the new
application uses a port typically monopolized by a virus. The security administrator denies the
request and suggests a new port or service be used to complete the application's task. Which of
the following is the security administrator practicing in this example?
A. Explicit deny
B. Port security
C. Access control lists
D. Implicit deny
Answer: C
QUESTION 733
Which of the following BEST describes a SQL Injection attack?
A. The attacker attempts to have the receiving server pass information to a back-end database from
which it can compromise the stored information.
B. The attacker attempts to have the receiving server run a payload using programming commonly
found on web servers.
C. The attacker overwhelms a system or application, causing it to crash and bring the server down
to cause an outage.
D. The attacker overwhelms a system or application, causing it to crash, and then redirects the memory
address to read from a location holding the payload.
Answer: A
QUESTION 734
Digital signatures are used for ensuring which of the following items? (Select TWO).
A. Confidentiality
B. Integrity
C. Non-Repudiation
D. Availability
E. Algorithm strength
Answer: BC
QUESTION 735
Matt, an administrator, is concerned about the wireless network being discovered by war driving.
Which of the following can be done to mitigate this?
A. Enforce a policy for all users to authentic through a biometric device.
B. Disable all SSID broadcasting.
C. Ensure all access points are running the latest firmware.
D. Move all access points into public access areas.
Answer: B
QUESTION 736
A company wants to ensure that its hot site is prepared and functioning. Which of the following
would be the BEST process to verify the backup datacenter is prepared for such a scenario?
A. Site visit to the backup data center
B. Disaster recovery plan review
C. Disaster recovery exercise
D. Restore from backup
Answer: C
QUESTION 737
Which of the following are restricted to 64-bit block sizes? (Select TWO).
A. PGP
B. DES
C. AES256
D. RSA
E. 3DES
F. AES
Answer: BE
QUESTION 738
A security administrator is segregating all web-facing server traffic from the internal network and
restricting it to a single interface on a firewall. Which of the following BEST describes this new
network?
A. VLAN
B. Subnet
C. VPN
D. DMZ
Answer: D
QUESTION 739
Hotspot Question
Select the appropriate attack from each drop down list to label the corresponding illustrated attack
Instructions: Attacks may only be used once, and will disappear from drop down list if selected.
When you have completed the simulation, please select the Done button to submit.
A. Format not supported, press Enter to skip
Answer:
QUESTION 740
Hotspot Question
For each of the given items, select the appropriate authentication category from the drop down
choices.
Select the appropriate authentication type for the following items:
A. Format not supported, press Enter to skip
Answer:

QUESTION 741
Drag and Drop Question
A Security administrator wants to implement strong security on the company smart phones and
terminal servers located in the data center. Drag and Drop the applicable controls to each asset
type.
Instructions: Controls can be used multiple times and not all placeholders needs to be filled.
When you have completed the simulation, Please select Done to submit.
A. Format not supported, press Enter to skip
Answer:
QUESTION 742
Public keys are used for which of the following?
A. Decrypting wireless messages
B. Decrypting the hash of an electronic signature
C. Bulk encryption of IP based email traffic
D. Encrypting web browser traffic
Answer: B
QUESTION 743
Which of the following is a requirement when implementing PKI if data loss is unacceptable?
A. Web of trust
B. Non-repudiation
C. Key escrow
D. Certificate revocation list
Answer: C
QUESTION 744
Which of the following is true about PKI? (Select TWO).
A. When encrypting a message with the public key, only the public key can decrypt it.
B. When encrypting a message with the private key, only the private key can decrypt it.
C. When encrypting a message with the public key, only the CA can decrypt it.
D. When encrypting a message with the public key, only the private key can decrypt it.
E. When encrypting a message with the private key, only the public key can decrypt it.
Answer: DE
QUESTION 745
The recovery agent is used to recover the:
A. Root certificate
B. Key in escrow
C. Public key
D. Private key
Answer: D
QUESTION 746
Which of the following is true about the CRL?
A. It should be kept public
B. It signs other keys
C. It must be kept secret
D. It must be encrypted
Answer: A
QUESTION 747
A password history value of three means which of the following?
A. Three different passwords are used before one can be reused.
B. A password cannot be reused once changed for three years.
C. After three hours a password must be re-entered to continue.
D. The server stores passwords in the database for three days.
Answer: A
QUESTION 748
A user has forgotten their account password. Which of the following is the BEST recovery
strategy?
A. Upgrade the authentication system to use biometrics instead.
B. Temporarily disable password complexity requirements.
C. Set a temporary password that expires upon first use.
D. Retrieve the user password from the credentials database.
Answer: C
QUESTION 749
Allowing unauthorized removable devices to connect to computers increases the risk of which of
the following?
A. Data leakage prevention
B. Data exfiltration
C. Data classification
D. Data deduplication
Answer: B
QUESTION 750
A computer is put into a restricted VLAN until the computer's virus definitions are up-to-date.
Which of the following BEST describes this system type?
A. NAT
B. NIPS
C. NAC
D. DMZ
Answer: C
QUESTION 751
Without validating user input, an application becomes vulnerable to all of the following EXCEPT:
A. Buffer overflow.
B. Command injection.
C. Spear phishing.
D. SQL injection.
Answer: C
QUESTION 752
To protect corporate data on removable media, a security policy should mandate that all
removable devices use which of the following?
A. Full disk encryption
B. Application isolation
C. Digital rights management
D. Data execution prevention
Answer: A
QUESTION 753
Which of the following wireless security technologies continuously supplies new keys for WEP?
A. TKIP
B. Mac filtering
C. WPA2
D. WPA
Answer: A
QUESTION 754
Which of the following malware types is MOST likely to execute its payload after Jane, an
employee, has left the company?
A. Rootkit
B. Logic bomb
C. Worm
D. Botnet
Answer: B
QUESTION 755
Which of the following application security principles involves inputting random data into a
program?
A. Brute force attack
B. Sniffing
C. Fuzzing
D. Buffer overflow
Answer: C
QUESTION 756
Which of the following is an important step in the initial stages of deploying a host-based firewall?
A. Selecting identification versus authentication
B. Determining the list of exceptions
C. Choosing an encryption algorithm
D. Setting time of day restrictions
Answer: B
QUESTION 757
Identifying a list of all approved software on a system is a step in which of the following practices?
A. Passively testing security controls
B. Application hardening
C. Host software baselining
D. Client-side targeting
Answer: C
QUESTION 758
Which of the following BEST describes using a smart card and typing in a PIN to gain access to a
system?
A. Biometrics
B. PKI
C. Single factor authentication
D. Multifactor authentication
Answer: D
QUESTION 759
An administrator has advised against the use of Bluetooth phones due to bluesnarfing concerns.
Which of the following is an example of this threat?
A. An attacker using the phone remotely for spoofing other phone numbers
B. Unauthorized intrusions into the phone to access data
C. The Bluetooth enabled phone causing signal interference with the network
D. An attacker using exploits that allow the phone to be disabled
Answer: B
QUESTION 760
Which of the following is the difference between identification and authentication of a user?
A. Identification tells who the user is and authentication tells whether the user is allowed to
logon to a system.
B. Identification tells who the user is and authentication proves it.
C. Identification proves who the user is and authentication is used to keep the users data
secure.
D. Identification proves who the user is and authentication tells the user what they are allowed
to do.
Answer: B
QUESTION 761
The marketing department wants to distribute pens with embedded USB drives to clients. In the
past this client has been victimized by social engineering attacks which led to a loss of sensitive
data. The security administrator advises the marketing department not to distribute the USB pens
due to which of the following?
A. The risks associated with the large capacity of USB drives and their concealable nature
B. The security costs associated with securing the USB drives over time
C. The cost associated with distributing a large volume of the USB pens
D. The security risks associated with combining USB drives and cell phones on a network
Answer: A
QUESTION 762
A technician is investigating intermittent switch degradation. The issue only seems to occur when
the buildings roof air conditioning system runs. Which of the following would reduce the
connectivity issues?
A. Adding a heat deflector
B. Redundant HVAC systems
C. Shielding
D. Add a wireless network
Answer: C
QUESTION 763
According to company policy an administrator must logically keep the Human Resources
department separated from the Accounting department. Which of the following would be the
simplest way to accomplish this?
A. NIDS
B. DMZ
C. NAT
D. VLAN
Answer: D
QUESTION 764
Which of the following tools will allow a technician to detect security-related TCP connection
anomalies?
A. Logical token
B. Performance monitor
C. Public key infrastructure
D. Trusted platform module
Answer: B
QUESTION 765
A technician is reviewing the logical access control method an organization uses. One of the
senior managers requests that the technician prevent staff members from logging on during nonworking
days. Which of the following should the technician implement to meet managements
request?
A. Enforce Kerberos
B. Deploy smart cards
C. Time of day restrictions
D. Access control lists
Answer: C
QUESTION 766
An administrator notices that former temporary employees accounts are still active on a domain.
Which of the following can be implemented to increase security and prevent this from happening?
A. Run a last logon script to look for inactive accounts.
B. Implement an account expiration date for temporary employees.
C. Implement a password expiration policy.
D. Implement time of day restrictions for all temporary employees.
Answer: B
QUESTION 767
An administrator wishes to hide the network addresses of an internal network when connecting to
the Internet. The MOST effective way to mask the network address of the users would be by
passing the traffic through a:
A. stateful firewall.
B. packet-filtering firewall.
C. NIPS.
D. NAT.
Answer: D
QUESTION 768
Which of the following allows a technician to scan for missing patches on a device without
actually attempting to exploit the security problem?
A. A vulnerability scanner
B. Security baselines
C. A port scanner
D. Group policy
Answer: A
QUESTION 769
Hotspot Question
For each of the given items, select the appropriate authentication category from the dropdown
choices.
Instructions: When you have completed the simulation, please select the Done button to submit.
A. Non-supported format.  Press Enter to skip
Answer:

QUESTION 770
Hotspot Question
The security administrator has installed a new firewall which implements an implicit DENY policy
by default Click on the firewall and configure it to allow ONLY the following communication.
Instructions: The firewall will process the rules in a top-down manner in order as a first match The
port number must be typed in and only one port number can be entered per rule Type ANY for all
ports. The original firewall configuration can be reset at any time by pressing the reset button.
Once you have met the simulation requirements, click save and then Done to submit.
A. Non-supported format.  Press Enter to skip
Answer:
QUESTION 771
By default, which of the following uses TCP port 22? (Select THREE).
A. FTPS
B. STELNET
C. TLS
D. SCP
E. SSL
F. HTTPS
G. SSH
H. SFTP
Answer: DGH
QUESTION 772
Access mechanisms to data on encrypted USB hard drives must be implemented correctly
otherwise.
A. user accounts may be inadvertently locked out.
B. data on the USB drive could be corrupted.
C. data on the hard drive will be vulnerable to log analysis.
D. the security controls on the USB drive can be bypassed.
Answer: D
QUESTION 773
Which of the following would allow the organization to divide a Class C IP address range into
several ranges?
A. DMZ
B. Virtual LANs
C. NAT
D. Subnetting
Answer: D
QUESTION 774
The security administrator is currently unaware of an incident that occurred a week ago. Which of
the following will ensure the administrator is notified in a timely manner in the future?
A. User permissions reviews
B. Incident response team
C. Change management
D. Routine auditing
Answer: D
QUESTION 775
An access point has been configured for AES encryption but a client is unable to connect to it.
Which of the following should be configured on the client to fix this issue?
A. WEP
B. CCMP
C. TKIP
D. RC4
Answer: B
QUESTION 776
The system administrator is tasked with changing the administrator password across all 2000
computers in the organization. Which of the following should the system administrator implement
to accomplish this task?
A. A security group
B. A group policy
C. Key escrow
D. Certificate revocation
Answer: B
QUESTION 777
A network administrator wants to block both DNS requests and zone transfers coming from
outside IP addresses. The company uses a firewall which implements an implicit allow and is
currently configured with the following ACL applied to its external interface.
PERMIT TCP ANY ANY 80
PERMIT TCP ANY ANY 443
Which of the following rules would accomplish this task? (Select TWO).
A. Change the firewall default settings so that it implements an implicit deny
B. Apply the current ACL to all interfaces of the firewall
C. Remove the current ACL
D. Add the following ACL at the top of the current ACLDENY TCP ANY ANY 53
E. Add the following ACL at the bottom of the current ACLDENY ICMP ANY ANY 53
F. Add the following ACL at the bottom of the current ACLDENY IP ANY ANY 53
Answer: AF
QUESTION 778
Which of the following attacks would cause all mobile devices to lose their association with
corporate access points while the attack is underway?
A. Wireless jamming
B. Evil twin
C. Rogue AP
D. Packet sniffing
Answer: A
QUESTION 779
Which of the following is a security concern regarding users bringing personally-owned devices
that they connect to the corporate network?
A. Cross-platform compatibility issues between personal devices and server-based applications
B. Lack of controls in place to ensure that the devices have the latest system patches and signature files
C. Non-corporate devices are more difficult to locate when a user is terminated
D. Non-purchased or leased equipment may cause failure during the audits of company- owned assets
Answer: B
QUESTION 780
Due to issues with building keys being duplicated and distributed, a security administrator wishes
to change to a different security control regarding a restricted area. The goal is to provide access
based upon facial recognition. Which of the following will address this requirement?
A. Set up mantraps to avoid tailgating of approved users.
B. Place a guard at the entrance to approve access.
C. Install a fingerprint scanner at the entrance.
D. Implement proximity readers to scan users' badges.
Answer: B
QUESTION 781
A security administrator has concerns regarding employees saving data on company provided
mobile devices. Which of the following would BEST address the administrator's concerns?
A. Install a mobile application that tracks read and write functions on the device.
B. Create a company policy prohibiting the use of mobile devices for personal use.
C. Enable GPS functionality to track the location of the mobile devices.
D. Configure the devices so that removable media use is disabled.
Answer: D
QUESTION 782
Identifying residual risk is MOST important to which of the following concepts?
A. Risk deterrence
B. Risk acceptance
C. Risk mitigation
D. Risk avoidance
Answer: B
QUESTION 783
The information security technician wants to ensure security controls are deployed and
functioning as intended to be able to maintain an appropriate security posture. Which of the
following security techniques is MOST appropriate to do this?
A. Log audits
B. System hardening
C. Use IPS/IDS
D. Continuous security monitoring
Answer: D
QUESTION 784
A small company can only afford to buy an all-in-one wireless router/switch. The company has 3
wireless BYOD users and 2 web servers without wireless access. Which of the following should
the company configure to protect the servers from the user devices? (Select TWO).
A. Deny incoming connections to the outside router interface.
B. Change the default HTTP port
C. Implement EAP-TLS to establish mutual authentication
D. Disable the physical switch ports
E. Create a server VLAN
F. Create an ACL to access the server
Answer: EF
QUESTION 785
Due to hardware limitation, a technician must implement a wireless encryption algorithm that uses
the RC4 protocol. Which of the following is a wireless encryption solution that the technician
should implement while ensuring the STRONGEST level of security?
A. WPA2-AES
B. 802.11ac
C. WPA-TKIP
D. WEP
Answer: C
QUESTION 786
Joe, a user, wants to send an encrypted email to Ann. Which of the following will Ann need to use
to verify that the email came from Joe and decrypt it? (Select TWO).
A. The CA's public key
B. Ann's public key
C. Joe's private key
D. Ann's private key
E. The CA's private key
F. Joe's public key
Answer: DF
QUESTION 787
Joe, a user, wants to send an encrypted email to Ann. Which of the following will Ann need to use
to verify the validity's of Joe's certificate? (Select TWO).
A. The CA's public key
B. Joe's private key
C. Ann's public key
D. The CA's private key
E. Joe's public key
F. Ann's private key
Answer: AE
QUESTION 788
A technician wants to implement a dual factor authentication system that will enable the
organization to authorize access to sensitive systems on a need-to-know basis. Which of the
following should be implemented during the authorization stage?
A. Biometrics
B. Mandatory access control
C. Single sign-on
D. Role-based access control
Answer: A
QUESTION 789
A security researcher wants to reverse engineer an executable file to determine if it is malicious.
The file was found on an underused server and appears to contain a zero-day exploit. Which of
the following can the researcher do to determine if the file is malicious in nature?
A. TCP/IP socket design review
B. Executable code review
C. OS Baseline comparison
D. Software architecture review
Answer: C
QUESTION 790
A recent spike in virus detections has been attributed to end-users visiting www.compnay.com.
The business has an established relationship with an organization using the URL of
www.company.com but not with the site that has been causing the infections. Which of the
following would BEST describe this type of attack?
A. Typo squatting
B. Session hijacking
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Spear phishing
Answer: A
QUESTION 791
A company has proprietary mission critical devices connected to their network which are
configured remotely by both employees and approved customers. The administrator wants to
monitor device security without changing their baseline configuration. Which of the following
should be implemented to secure the devices without risking availability?
A. Host-based firewall
B. IDS
C. IPS
D. Honeypot
Answer: B
QUESTION 792
An administrator has a network subnet dedicated to a group of users. Due to concerns regarding
data and network security, the administrator desires to provide network access for this group
only. Which of the following would BEST address this desire?
A. Install a proxy server between the users' computers and the switch to filter inbound network traffic.
B. Block commonly used ports and forward them to higher and unused port numbers.
C. Configure the switch to allow only traffic from computers based upon their physical address.
D. Install host-based intrusion detection software to monitor incoming DHCP Discover requests.
Answer: C
QUESTION 793
A security administrator forgets their card to access the server room. The administrator asks a coworker
if they could use their card for the day. Which of the following is the administrator using to
gain access to the server room?
A. Man-in-the-middle
B. Tailgating
C. Impersonation
D. Spoofing
Answer: C
QUESTION 794
A security administrator has implemented a policy to prevent data loss. Which of the following is
the BEST method of enforcement?
A. Internet networks can be accessed via personally-owned computers.
B. Data can only be stored on local workstations.
C. Wi-Fi networks should use WEP encryption by default.
D. Only USB devices supporting encryption are to be used.
Answer: D
QUESTION 795
Symmetric encryption utilizes __________, while asymmetric encryption utilizes _________.
A. Public keys, one time
B. Shared keys, private keys
C. Private keys, session keys
D. Private keys, public keys
Answer: B
QUESTION 796
The main corporate website has a service level agreement that requires availability 100% of the
time, even in the case of a disaster. Which of the following would be required to meet this
demand?
A. Warm site implementation for the datacenter
B. Geographically disparate site redundant datacenter
C. Localized clustering of the datacenter
D. Cold site implementation for the datacenter
Answer: B
QUESTION 797
Which of the following is a vulnerability associated with disabling pop-up blockers?
A. An alert message from the administrator may not be visible
B. A form submitted by the user may not open
C. The help window may not be displayed
D. Another browser instance may execute malicious code
Answer: D
QUESTION 798
A security technician needs to open ports on a firewall to allow for domain name resolution.
Which of the following ports should be opened? (Select TWO).
A. TCP 21
B. TCP 23
C. TCP 53
D. UDP 23
E. UDP 53
Answer: CE
QUESTION 799
During an anonymous penetration test, Jane, a system administrator, was able to identify a
shared print spool directory, and was able to download a document from the spool. Which
statement BEST describes her privileges?
A. All users have write access to the directory.
B. Jane has read access to the file.
C. All users have read access to the file.
D. Jane has read access to the directory.
Answer: C
QUESTION 800
An IT security technician is actively involved in identifying coding issues for her company. Which
of the following is an application security technique that can be used to identify unknown
weaknesses within the code?
A. Vulnerability scanning
B. Denial of service
C. Fuzzing
D. Port scanning
Answer: C
QUESTION 801
Which of the following data security techniques will allow Matt, an IT security technician, to
encrypt a system with speed as its primary consideration?
A. Hard drive encryption
B. Infrastructure as a service
C. Software based encryption
D. Data loss prevention
Answer: A
QUESTION 802
Matt, a forensic analyst, wants to obtain the digital fingerprint for a given message. The message
is 160-bits long. Which of the following hashing methods would Matt have to use to obtain this
digital fingerprint?
A. SHA1
B. MD2
C. MD4
D. MD5
Answer: A
QUESTION 803
A system administrator is notified by a staff member that their laptop has been lost. The laptop
contains the user's digital certificate. Which of the following will help resolve the issue? (Select
TWO).
A. Revoke the digital certificate
B. Mark the key as private and import it
C. Restore the certificate using a CRL
D. Issue a new digital certificate
E. Restore the certificate using a recovery agent
Answer: AD
QUESTION 804
A security engineer is given new application extensions each month that need to be secured prior
to implementation. They do not want the new extensions to invalidate or interfere with existing
application security. Additionally, the engineer wants to ensure that the new requirements are
approved by the appropriate personnel. Which of the following should be in place to meet these
two goals? (Select TWO).
A. Patch Audit Policy
B. Change Control Policy
C. Incident Management Policy
D. Regression Testing Policy
E. Escalation Policy
F. Application Audit Policy
Answer: BD
QUESTION 805
During an audit, the security administrator discovers that there are several users that are no
longer employed with the company but still have active user accounts. Which of the following
should be performed?
A. Account recovery
B. Account disablement
C. Account lockouts
D. Account expiration
Answer: B
QUESTION 806
A system administrator has concerns regarding their users accessing systems and secured areas
using others' credentials. Which of the following can BEST address this concern?
A. Create conduct policies prohibiting sharing credentials.
B. Enforce a policy shortening the credential expiration timeframe.
C. Implement biometric readers on laptops and restricted areas.
D. Install security cameras in areas containing sensitive systems.
Answer: C
QUESTION 807
A network administrator has a separate user account with rights to the domain administrator
group. However, they cannot remember the password to this account and are not able to login to
the server when needed. Which of the following is MOST accurate in describing the type of issue
the administrator is experiencing?
A. Single sign-on
B. Authorization
C. Access control
D. Authentication
Answer: D
QUESTION 808
Jane has implemented an array of four servers to accomplish one specific task. This is BEST
known as which of the following?
A. Clustering
B. RAID
C. Load balancing
D. Virtualization
Answer: A
QUESTION 809
Which of the following security account management techniques should a security analyst
implement to prevent staff, who has switched company roles, from exceeding privileges?
A. Internal account audits
B. Account disablement
C. Time of day restriction
D. Password complexity
Answer: A
QUESTION 810
To ensure compatibility with their flagship product, the security engineer is tasked to recommend
an encryption cipher that will be compatible with the majority of third party software and hardware
vendors. Which of the following should be recommended?
A. SHA
B. MD5
C. Blowfish
D. AES
Answer: D
QUESTION 811
After a new firewall has been installed, devices cannot obtain a new IP address. Which of the
following ports should Matt, the security administrator, open on the firewall?
A. 25
B. 68
C. 80
D. 443
Answer: B
QUESTION 812
A system administrator has noticed that users change their password many times to cycle back to
the original password when their passwords expire. Which of the following would BEST prevent
this behavior?
A. Assign users passwords based upon job role.
B. Enforce a minimum password age policy.
C. Prevent users from choosing their own passwords.
D. Increase the password expiration time frame.
Answer: B
QUESTION 813
The systems administrator notices that many employees are using passwords that can be easily
guessed or are susceptible to brute force attacks. Which of the following would BEST mitigate
this risk?
A. Enforce password rules requiring complexity.
B. Shorten the maximum life of account passwords.
C. Increase the minimum password length.
D. Enforce account lockout policies.
Answer: A
QUESTION 814
Pete, a security analyst, has been tasked with explaining the different types of malware to his
colleagues. The two malware types that the group seems to be most interested in are botnets and
viruses. Which of the following explains the difference between these two types of malware?
A. Viruses are a subset of botnets which are used as part of SYN attacks.
B. Botnets are a subset of malware which are used as part of DDoS attacks.
C. Viruses are a class of malware which create hidden openings within an OS.
D. Botnets are used within DR to ensure network uptime and viruses are not.
Answer: B
QUESTION 815
A security analyst implemented group-based privileges within the company active directory.
Which of the following account management techniques should be undertaken regularly to ensure
least privilege principles?
A. Leverage role-based access controls.
B. Perform user group clean-up.
C. Verify smart card access controls.
D. Verify SHA-256 for password hashes.
Answer: B
QUESTION 816
A technician has just installed a new firewall onto the network. Users are reporting that they
cannot reach any website. Upon further investigation, the technician determines that websites
can be reached by entering their IP addresses. Which of the following ports may have been
closed to cause this issue?
A. HTTP
B. DHCP
C. DNS
D. NetBIOS
Answer: C
QUESTION 817
The system administrator has been notified that many users are having difficulty connecting to
the company's wireless network. They take a new laptop and physically go to the access point
and connect with no problems. Which of the following would be the MOST likely cause?
A. The certificate used to authenticate users has been compromised and revoked.
B. Multiple war drivers in the parking lot have exhausted all available IPs from the pool to deny access.
C. An attacker has gained access to the access point and has changed the encryption keys.
D. An unauthorized access point has been configured to operate on the same channel.
Answer: D
QUESTION 818
The systems administrator wishes to implement a hardware-based encryption method that could
also be used to sign code. They can achieve this by:
A. Utilizing the already present TPM.
B. Configuring secure application sandboxes.
C. Enforcing whole disk encryption.
D. Moving data and applications into the cloud.
Answer: A
QUESTION 819
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has mandated that all IT systems with credit card
data be segregated from the main corporate network to prevent unauthorized access and that
access to the IT systems should be logged. Which of the following would BEST meet the CISO's
requirements?
A. Sniffers
B. NIDS
C. Firewalls
D. Web proxies
E. Layer 2 switches
Answer: C
QUESTION 820
One of the servers on the network stops responding due to lack of available memory. Server
administrators did not have a clear definition of what action should have taken place based on the
available memory. Which of the following would have BEST kept this incident from occurring?
A. Set up a protocol analyzer
B. Set up a performance baseline
C. Review the systems monitor on a monthly basis
D. Review the performance monitor on a monthly basis
Answer: B
QUESTION 821
Used in conjunction, which of the following are PII? (Select TWO).
A. Marital status
B. Favorite movie
C. Pet's name
D. Birthday
E. Full name
Answer: DE
QUESTION 822
Which of the following is the BEST way to prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (XSRF) attacks?
A. Check the referrer field in the HTTP header
B. Disable Flash content
C. Use only cookies for authentication
D. Use only HTTPS URLs
Answer: A
QUESTION 823
Which of the following practices is used to mitigate a known security vulnerability?
A. Application fuzzing
B. Patch management
C. Password cracking
D. Auditing security logs
Answer: B
QUESTION 824
Which of the following would Jane, an administrator, use to detect an unknown security
vulnerability?
A. Patch management
B. Application fuzzing
C. ID badge
D. Application configuration baseline
Answer: B
QUESTION 825
When reviewing a digital certificate for accuracy, which of the following would Matt, a security
administrator, focus on to determine who affirms the identity of the certificate owner?
A. Trust models
B. CRL
C. CA
D. Recovery agent
Answer: C
QUESTION 826
Which of the following is a notification that an unusual condition exists and should be
investigated?
A. Alert
B. Trend
C. Alarm
D. Trap
Answer: A
QUESTION 827
If you don't know the MAC address of a Linux-based machine, what command-line utility can you
use to ascertain it?
A. macconfig
B. ifconfig
C. ipconfig
D. config
Answer: B
QUESTION 828
Users are utilizing thumb drives to connect to USB ports on company workstations. A technician
is concerned that sensitive files can be copied to the USB drives. Which of the following
mitigation techniques would address this concern? (Select TWO).
A. Disable the USB root hub within the OS.
B. Install anti-virus software on the USB drives.
C. Disable USB within the workstations BIOS.
D. Apply the concept of least privilege to USB devices.
E. Run spyware detection against all workstations.
Answer: AC
QUESTION 829
An administrator is assigned to monitor servers in a data center. A web server connected to the
Internet suddenly experiences a large spike in CPU activity.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?
A. Spyware
B. Trojan
C. Privilege escalation
D. DoS
Answer: D
QUESTION 830
Why would a technician use a password cracker?
A. To look for weak passwords on the network
B. To change a users passwords when they leave the company
C. To enforce password complexity requirements
D. To change users passwords if they have forgotten them
Answer: A
QUESTION 831
Which of the following explains the difference between a public key and a private key?
A. The public key is only used by the client while the private key is available to all.
Both keys are mathematically related.
B. The private key only decrypts the data while the public key only encrypts the data.
Both keys are mathematically related.
C. The private key is commonly used in symmetric key decryption while the public key is used in
asymmetric key decryption.
D. The private key is only used by the client and kept secret while the public key is available to all.
Answer: D
QUESTION 832
Requiring technicians to report spyware infections is a step in which of the following?
A. Routine audits
B. Change management
C. Incident management
D. Clean desk policy
Answer: C
QUESTION 833
An organization is recovering data following a datacenter outage and determines that backup
copies of files containing personal information were stored in an unsecure location, because the
sensitivity was unknown. Which of the following activities should occur to prevent this in the
future?
A. Business continuity planning
B. Quantitative assessment
C. Data classification
D. Qualitative assessment
Answer: C
QUESTION 834
Which of the following provides the LEAST availability?
A. RAID 0
B. RAID 1
C. RAID 3
D. RAID 5
Answer: A
QUESTION 835
FTP/S uses which of the following TCP ports by default?
A. 20 and 21
B. 139 and 445
C. 443 and 22
D. 989 and 990
Answer: D
QUESTION 836
Which of the following is mainly used for remote access into the network?
A. XTACACS
B. TACACS+
C. Kerberos
D. RADIUS
Answer: D
QUESTION 837
Which of the following types of data encryption would Matt, a security administrator, use to
encrypt a specific table?
A. Full disk
B. Individual files
C. Database
D. Removable media
Answer: C
QUESTION 838
Several users' computers are no longer responding normally and sending out spam email to the
users' entire contact list. This is an example of which of the following?
A. Trojan virus
B. Botnet
C. Worm outbreak
D. Logic bomb
Answer: C
QUESTION 839
Sara, an attacker, is recording a person typing in their ID number into a keypad to gain access to
the building. Sara then calls the helpdesk and informs them that their PIN no longer works and
would like to change it. Which of the following attacks occurred LAST?
A. Phishing
B. Shoulder surfing
C. Impersonation
D. Tailgating
Answer: C
QUESTION 840
A company replaces a number of devices with a mobile appliance, combining several functions.
Which of the following descriptions fits this new implementation? (Select TWO).
A. Cloud computing
B. Virtualization
C. All-in-one device
D. Load balancing
E. Single point of failure
Answer: CE
QUESTION 841
Which of the following risks could IT management be mitigating by removing an all-in-one device?
A. Continuity of operations
B. Input validation
C. Single point of failure
D. Single sign on
Answer: C
QUESTION 842
Which of the following could a security administrator implement to mitigate the risk of tailgating for
a large organization?
A. Train employees on correct data disposal techniques and enforce policies.
B. Only allow employees to enter or leave through one door at specified times of the day.
C. Only allow employees to go on break one at a time and post security guards 24/7 at each entrance.
D. Train employees on risks associated with social engineering attacks and enforce policies.
Answer: D
QUESTION 843
Which of the following concepts defines the requirement for data availability?
A. Authentication to RADIUS
B. Non-repudiation of email messages
C. Disaster recovery planning
D. Encryption of email messages
Answer: C
QUESTION 844
Pete, a security engineer, is trying to inventory all servers in a rack. The engineer launches RDP
sessions to five different PCs and notices that the hardware properties are similar. Additionally,
the MAC addresses of all five servers appear on the same switch port. Which of the following is
MOST likely the cause?
A. The system is running 802.1x.
B. The system is using NAC.
C. The system is in active-standby mode.
D. The system is virtualized.
Answer: D
QUESTION 845
Sara, a security administrator, is noticing a slow down in the wireless network response. Sara
launches a wireless sniffer and sees a large number of ARP packets being sent to the AP. Which
of the following type of attacks is underway?
A. IV attack
B. Interference
C. Blue jacking
D. Packet sniffing
Answer: A
QUESTION 846
Pete, the security administrator, has been notified by the IDS that the company website is under
attack. Analysis of the web logs show the following string, indicating a user is trying to post a
comment on the public bulletin board.
This is an example of which of the following?
A. XSS attack
B. XML injection attack
C. Buffer overflow attack
D. SQL injection attack
Answer: A
QUESTION 847
Which of the following techniques describes the use of application isolation during execution to
prevent system compromise if the application is compromised?
A. Least privilege
B. Sandboxing
C. Black box
D. Application hardening
Answer: B
QUESTION 848
Matt, an IT administrator, wants to protect a newly built server from zero day attacks. Which of
the following would provide the BEST level of protection?
A. HIPS
B. Antivirus
C. NIDS
D. ACL
Answer: A
QUESTION 849
Jane, an IT administrator, is implementing security controls on a Microsoft Windows based kiosk
used at a bank branch. This kiosk is used by the public for Internet banking. Which of the
following controls will BEST protect the kiosk from general public users making system changes?
A. Group policy implementation
B. Warning banners
C. Command shell restrictions
D. Host based firewall
Answer: A
QUESTION 850
Sara, the Chief Information Officer (CIO), has tasked the IT department with redesigning the
network to rely less on perimeter firewalls, to implement a standard operating environment for
client devices, and to disallow personally managed devices on the network. Which of the
following is Sara's GREATEST concern?
A. Malicious internal attacks
B. Data exfiltration
C. Audit findings
D. Incident response
Answer: B
QUESTION 851
Which of the following data loss prevention strategies mitigates the risk of replacing hard drives
that cannot be sanitized?
A. Virtualization
B. Patch management
C. Full disk encryption
D. Database encryption
Answer: C
QUESTION 852
Which of the following does Jane, a software developer, need to do after compiling the source
code of a program to attest the authorship of the binary?
A. Place Jane's name in the binary metadata
B. Use Jane's private key to sign the binary
C. Use Jane's public key to sign the binary
D. Append the source code to the binary
Answer: B
QUESTION 853
The annual loss expectancy can be calculated by:
A. Dividing the annualized rate of return by single loss expectancy.
B. Multiplying the annualized rate of return and the single loss expectancy.
C. Subtracting the single loss expectancy from the annualized rate of return.
D. Adding the single loss expectancy and the annualized rate of return.
Answer: B
QUESTION 854
Which of the following should Jane, the security administrator, do FIRST when an employee
reports the loss of a corporate mobile device?
A. Remotely lock the device with a PIN
B. Enable GPS location and record from the camera
C. Remotely uninstall all company software
D. Remotely initiate a device wipe
Answer: D
QUESTION 855
An application company sent out a software patch for one of their applications on Monday. The
company has been receiving reports about intrusion attacks from their customers on Tuesday.
Which of the following attacks does this describe?
A. Zero day
B. Directory traversal
C. Logic bomb
D. Session hijacking
Answer: A
QUESTION 856
Which of the following protocols would be implemented to secure file transfers using SSL?
A. TFTP
B. SCP
C. SFTP
D. FTPS
Answer: D
QUESTION 857
Which of the following are used to implement VPNs? (Select TWO).
A. SFTP
B. IPSec
C. HTTPS
D. SNMP
E. SSL
Answer: BE
QUESTION 858
A company recently implemented a TLS on their network. The company is MOST concerned with:
A. Confidentiality
B. Availability
C. Integrity
D. Accessibility
Answer: A
QUESTION 859
Which of the following describes how an attacker can send unwanted advertisements to a mobile
device?
A. Man-in-the-middle
B. Bluejacking
C. Bluesnarfing
D. Packet sniffing
Answer: B
QUESTION 860
A network device that protects an enterprise based only on source and destination addresses is
BEST described as:
A. IDS.
B. ACL.
C. Stateful packet filtering.
D. Simple packet filtering.
Answer: D
QUESTION 861
A human resources employee receives an email from a family member stating there is a new
virus going around. In order to remove the virus, a user must delete the Boot.ini file from the
system immediately. This is an example of which of the following?
A. Hoax
B. Spam
C. Whaling
D. Phishing
Answer: A
QUESTION 862
A third party application has the ability to maintain its own user accounts or it may use single
sign- on. To use single sign-on, the application is requesting the following information: OU=Users,
DC=Domain, DC=COM. This application is requesting which of the following authentication
services?
A. TACACS+
B. RADIUS
C. LDAP
D. Kerberos
Answer: C
QUESTION 863
Power and data cables from the network center travel through the building's boiler room. Which of
the following should be used to prevent data emanation?
A. Video monitoring
B. EMI shielding
C. Plenum CAT6 UTP
D. Fire suppression
Answer: B
QUESTION 864
Which of the following must a security administrator implement to isolate public facing servers
from both the corporate network and the Internet?
A. NAC
B. IPSec
C. DMZ
D. NAT
Answer: C
QUESTION 865
Which of the following protocols provides fast, unreliable file transfer?
A. TFTP
B. SFTP
C. Telnet
D. FTPS
Answer: A
QUESTION 866
Which of the following digital certificate management practices will ensure that a lost certificate is
not compromised?
A. Key escrow
B. Non-repudiation
C. Recovery agent
D. CRL
Answer: D
QUESTION 867
Which of the following protocols operates at the HIGHEST level of the OSI model?
A. ICMP
B. IPSec
C. SCP
D. TCP
Answer: C
QUESTION 868
Joe, the system administrator, has been asked to calculate the Annual Loss Expectancy (ALE) for
a $5,000 server, which often crashes. In the past year, the server has crashed 10 times, requiring
a system reboot to recover with only 10% loss of data or function. Which of the following is the
ALE of this server?
A. $500
B. $5,000
C. $25,000
D. $50,000
Answer: B
QUESTION 869
Jane, a security administrator, needs to implement a secure wireless authentication method that
uses a remote RADIUS server for authentication.
Which of the following is an authentication method Jane should use?
A. WPA2-PSK
B. WEP-PSK
C. CCMP
D. LEAP
Answer: D
QUESTION 870
Computer evidence at a crime scene is documented with a tag stating who had possession of the
evidence at a given time.
Which of the following does this illustrate?
A. System image capture
B. Record time offset
C. Order of volatility
D. Chain of custody
Answer: D
QUESTION 871
Which of the following is being tested when a company's payroll server is powered off for eight
hours?
A. Succession plan
B. Business impact document
C. Continuity of operations plan
D. Risk assessment plan
Answer: C
QUESTION 872
A security manager must remain aware of the security posture of each system. Which of the
following supports this requirement?
A. Training staff on security policies
B. Establishing baseline reporting
C. Installing anti-malware software
D. Disabling unnecessary accounts/services
Answer: B
QUESTION 873
Deploying a wildcard certificate is one strategy to:
A. secure the certificate's private key.
B. increase the certificate's encryption key length.
C. extend the renewal date of the certificate.
D. reduce the certificate management burden.
Answer: D
QUESTION 874
The security administrator needs to manage traffic on a layer 3 device to support FTP from a new
remote site. Which of the following would need to be implemented?
A. Implicit deny
B. VLAN management
C. Port security
D. Access control lists
Answer: D
QUESTION 875
A server with the IP address of 10.10.2.4 has been having intermittent connection issues. The
logs show repeated connection attempts from the following IPs:
These attempts are overloading the server to the point that it cannot respond to traffic.
Which of the following attacks is occurring?
A. XSS
B. DDoS
C. DoS
D. Xmas
Answer: B
QUESTION 876
Which of the following is true about input validation in a client-server architecture, when data
integrity is critical to the organization?
A. It should be enforced on the client side only.
B. It must be protected by SSL encryption.
C. It must rely on the user's knowledge of the application.
D. It should be performed on the server side.
Answer: D
QUESTION 877
Which of the following is BEST at blocking attacks and providing security at layer 7 of the OSI
model?
A. WAF
B. NIDS
C. Routers
D. Switches
Answer: A
QUESTION 878
Which of the following is BEST used to capture and analyze network traffic between hosts on the
same network segment?
A. Protocol analyzer
B. Router
C. Firewall
D. HIPS
Answer: A
QUESTION 879
A datacenter requires that staff be able to identify whether or not items have been removed from
the facility. Which of the following controls will allow the organization to provide automated
notification of item removal?
A. CCTV
B. Environmental monitoring
C. RFID
D. EMI shielding
Answer: C
QUESTION 880
A malicious person gained access to a datacenter by ripping the proximity badge reader off the
wall near the datacenter entrance. This caused the electronic locks on the datacenter door to
release because the.
A. badge reader was improperly installed.
B. system was designed to fail open for life-safety.
C. system was installed in a fail closed configuration.
D. system used magnetic locks and the locks became demagnetized.
Answer: B
QUESTION 881
The concept of rendering data passing between two points over an IP based network impervious
to all but the most sophisticated advanced persistent threats is BEST categorized as which of the
following?
A. Stream ciphers
B. Transport encryption
C. Key escrow
D. Block ciphers
Answer: B
QUESTION 882
On Monday, all company employees report being unable to connect to the corporate wireless
network, which uses 802.1x with PEAP. A technician verifies that no configuration changes were
made to the wireless network and its supporting infrastructure, and that there are no outages.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause for this issue?
A. Too many incorrect authentication attempts have caused users to be temporarily disabled.
B. The DNS server is overwhelmed with connections and is unable to respond to queries.
C. The company IDS detected a wireless attack and disabled the wireless network.
D. The Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service server certificate has expired.
Answer: D
QUESTION 883
Which of the following would BEST deter an attacker trying to brute force 4-digit PIN numbers to
access an account at a bank teller machine?
A. Account expiration settings
B. Complexity of PIN
C. Account lockout settings
D. PIN history requirements
Answer: C
QUESTION 884
An administrator discovers that many users have used their same passwords for years even
though the network requires that the passwords be changed every six weeks. Which of the
following, when used together, prevent users from reusing their existing password? (Select TWO).
A. Length of password
B. Password history
C. Minimum password age
D. Password expiration
E. Password complexity
F. Non-dictionary words
Answer: BC
QUESTION 885
A recent audit has discovered that at the time of password expiration clients are able to recycle
the previous credentials for authentication. Which of the following controls should be used
together to prevent this from occurring? (Select TWO).
A. Password age
B. Password hashing
C. Password complexity
D. Password history
E. Password length
Answer: AD
QUESTION 886
A system administrator is configuring UNIX accounts to authenticate against an external server.
The configuration file asks for the following information DC=ServerName and DC=COM. Which of
the following authentication services is being used?
A. RADIUS
B. SAML
C. TACACS+
D. LDAP
Answer: D
QUESTION 887
In Kerberos, the Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT) is used for which of the following?
A. Identification
B. Authorization
C. Authentication
D. Multifactor authentication
Answer: C
QUESTION 888
When considering a vendor-specific vulnerability in critical industrial control systems which of the
following techniques supports availability?
A. Deploying identical application firewalls at the border
B. Incorporating diversity into redundant design
C. Enforcing application white lists on the support workstations
D. Ensuring the systems' anti-virus definitions are up-to-date
Answer: B
QUESTION 889
During the information gathering stage of a deploying role-based access control model, which of
the following information is MOST likely required?
A. Conditional rules under which certain systems may be accessed
B. Matrix of job titles with required access privileges
C. Clearance levels of all company personnel
D. Normal hours of business operation
Answer: B
QUESTION 890
The Chief Technical Officer (CTO) has been informed of a potential fraud committed by a
database administrator performing several other job functions within the company. Which of the
following is the BEST method to prevent such activities in the future?
A. Job rotation
B. Separation of duties
C. Mandatory Vacations
D. Least Privilege
Answer: B
QUESTION 891
A recently installed application update caused a vital application to crash during the middle of the
workday. The application remained down until a previous version could be reinstalled on the
server, and this resulted in a significant loss of data and revenue.
Which of the following could BEST prevent this issue from occurring again?
A. Application configuration baselines
B. Application hardening
C. Application access controls
D. Application patch management
Answer: D
QUESTION 892
A company is about to release a very large patch to its customers. An administrator is required to
test patch installations several times prior to distributing them to customer PCs.
Which of the following should the administrator use to test the patching process quickly and
often?
A. Create an incremental backup of an unpatched PC
B. Create an image of a patched PC and replicate it to servers
C. Create a full disk image to restore after each installation
D. Create a virtualized sandbox and utilize snapshots
Answer: D
QUESTION 893
An auditing team has found that passwords do not meet best business practices. Which of the
following will MOST increase the security of the passwords? (Select TWO).
A. Password Complexity
B. Password Expiration
C. Password Age
D. Password Length
E. Password History
Answer: AD
QUESTION 894
A vulnerability scan is reporting that patches are missing on a server. After a review, it is
determined that the application requiring the patch does not exist on the operating system.
Which of the following describes this cause?
A. Application hardening
B. False positive
C. Baseline code review
D. False negative
Answer: B
QUESTION 895
Company A submitted a bid on a contract to do work for Company B via email. Company B was
insistent that the bid did not come from Company A. Which of the following would have assured
that the bid was submitted by Company A?
A. Steganography
B. Hashing
C. Encryption
D. Digital Signatures
Answer: D
QUESTION 896
Ann, a sales manager, successfully connected her company-issued smartphone to the wireless
network in her office without supplying a username/password combination. Upon disconnecting
from the wireless network, she attempted to connect her personal tablet computer to the same
wireless network and could not connect.
Which of the following is MOST likely the reason?
A. The company wireless is using a MAC filter.
B. The company wireless has SSID broadcast disabled.
C. The company wireless is using WEP.
D. The company wireless is using WPA2.
Answer: A
QUESTION 897
A network technician is on the phone with the system administration team. Power to the server
room was lost and servers need to be restarted. The DNS services must be the first to be
restarted. Several machines are powered off. Assuming each server only provides one service,
which of the following should be powered on FIRST to establish DNS services?
A. Bind server
B. Apache server
C. Exchange server
D. RADIUS server
Answer: A
QUESTION 898
A security administrator is reviewing the company's continuity plan. The plan specifies an RTO of
six hours and RPO of two days. Which of the following is the plan describing?
A. Systems should be restored within six hours and no later than two days after the incident.
B. Systems should be restored within two days and should remain operational for at least six hours.
C. Systems should be restored within six hours with a minimum of two days worth of data.
D. Systems should be restored within two days with a minimum of six hours worth of data.
Answer: C
QUESTION 899
The incident response team has received the following email message.

From: monitor@ext-company.com
To: Security@company.com
Subject:  Copyright infringement
A copyright infringement alert was triggered by IP address 13.10.66.5 at 09:50:01 GMT

After reviewing the following web logs for IP 13.10.66.5, the team is unable to correlate and
identify the incident.
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason why the incident response team is unable to
identify and correlate the incident?
A. The logs are corrupt and no longer forensically sound.
B. Traffic logs for the incident are unavailable.
C. Chain of custody was not properly maintained.
D. Incident time offsets were not accounted for.
Answer: D
QUESTION 900
A server dedicated to the storage and processing of sensitive information was compromised with
a rootkit and sensitive data was exfiltrated. Which of the following incident response procedures
is best suited to restore the server?
A. Wipe the storage, reinstall the OS from original media and restore the data from the last known
good backup.
B. Keep the data partition, restore the OS from the most current backup and run a full system antivirus scan.
C. Format the storage and reinstall both the OS and the data from the most current backup.
D. Erase the storage, reinstall the OS from most current backup and only restore the data that was
not compromised.
Answer: A
QUESTION 901
Which of the following describes a type of malware which is difficult to reverse engineer in a
virtual lab?
A. Armored virus
B. Polymorphic malware
C. Logic bomb
D. Rootkit
Answer: A
QUESTION 902
Using a heuristic system to detect an anomaly in a computer's baseline, a system administrator
was able to detect an attack even though the company signature based IDS and antivirus did not
detect it. Further analysis revealed that the attacker had downloaded an executable file onto the
company PC from the USB port, and executed it to trigger a privilege escalation flaw.
Which of the following attacks has MOST likely occurred?
A. Cookie stealing
B. Zero-day
C. Directory traversal
D. XML injection
Answer: B
QUESTION 903
After copying a sensitive document from his desktop to a flash drive, Joe, a user, realizes that the
document is no longer encrypted. Which of the following can a security technician implement to
ensure that documents stored on Joe's desktop remain encrypted when moved to external media
or other network based storage?
A. Whole disk encryption
B. Removable disk encryption
C. Database record level encryption
D. File level encryption
Answer: D
QUESTION 904
A security administrator must implement a system to allow clients to securely negotiate
encryption keys with the company's server over a public unencrypted communication channel.
Which of the following implements the required secure key negotiation? (Select TWO).
A. PBKDF2
B. Symmetric encryption
C. Steganography
D. ECDHE
E. Diffie-Hellman
Answer: DE
QUESTION 905
Acme Corp has selectively outsourced proprietary business processes to ABC Services. Due to
some technical issues, ABC services wants to send some of Acme Corp's debug data to a third
party vendor for problem resolution. Which of the following MUST be considered prior to sending
data to a third party?
A. The data should be encrypted prior to transport
B. This would not constitute unauthorized data sharing
C. This may violate data ownership and non-disclosure agreements
D. Acme Corp should send the data to ABC Services' vendor instead
Answer: C
QUESTION 906
An organization has introduced token-based authentication to system administrators due to risk of
password compromise. The tokens have a set of numbers that automatically change every 30
seconds. Which of the following type of authentication mechanism is this?
A. TOTP
B. Smart card
C. CHAP
D. HOTP
Answer: A
QUESTION 907
A security technician at a small business is worried about the Layer 2 switches in the network
suffering from a DoS style attack caused by staff incorrectly cabling network connections between
switches. Which of the following will BEST mitigate the risk if implemented on the switches?
A. Spanning tree
B. Flood guards
C. Access control lists
D. Syn flood
Answer: A
QUESTION 908
An administrator wants to establish a WiFi network using a high gain directional antenna with a
narrow radiation pattern to connect two buildings separated by a very long distance. Which of the
following antennas would be BEST for this situation?
A. Dipole
B. Yagi
C. Sector
D. Omni
Answer: B
QUESTION 909
An attacker used an undocumented and unknown application exploit to gain access to a file
server. Which of the following BEST describes this type of attack?
A. Integer overflow
B. Cross-site scripting
C. Zero-day
D. Session hijacking
E. XML injection
Answer: C
QUESTION 910
Which of the following is an XML based open standard used in the exchange of authentication
and authorization information between different parties?
A. LDAP
B. SAML
C. TACACS+
D. Kerberos
Answer: B
QUESTION 911
Which of the following ports and protocol types must be opened on a host with a host- based
firewall to allow incoming SFTP connections?
A. 21/UDP
B. 21/TCP
C. 22/UDP
D. 22/TCP
Answer: D
QUESTION 912
A user, Ann, is reporting to the company IT support group that her workstation screen is blank
other than a window with a message requesting payment or else her hard drive will be formatted.
Which of the following types of malware is on Ann's workstation?
A. Trojan
B. Spyware
C. Adware
D. Ransomware
Answer: D
QUESTION 913
Which of the following controls can be implemented together to prevent data loss in the event of
theft of a mobile device storing sensitive information? (Select TWO).
A. Full device encryption
B. Screen locks
C. GPS
D. Asset tracking
E. Inventory control
Answer: AB
QUESTION 914
A security audit identifies a number of large email messages being sent by a specific user from
their company email account to another address external to the company. These messages were
sent prior to a company data breach, which prompted the security audit. The user was one of a
few people who had access to the leaked data. Review of the suspect's emails show they consist
mostly of pictures of the user at various locations during a recent vacation. No suspicious
activities from other users who have access to the data were discovered.
Which of the following is occurring?
A. The user is encrypting the data in the outgoing messages.
B. The user is using steganography.
C. The user is spamming to obfuscate the activity.
D. The user is using hashing to embed data in the emails.
Answer: B
QUESTION 915
A security analyst is reviewing firewall logs while investigating a compromised web server.
The following ports appear in the log.
Which of the following protocols was used to access the server remotely?
A. LDAP
B. HTTP
C. RDP
D. HTTPS
Answer: C
QUESTION 916
An organization does not want the wireless network name to be easily discovered. Which of the
following software features should be configured on the access points?
A. SSID broadcast
B. MAC filter
C. WPA2
D. Antenna placement
Answer: A
QUESTION 917
A computer is suspected of being compromised by malware. The security analyst examines the
computer and finds that a service called Telnet is running and connecting to an external website
over port 443. This Telnet service was found by comparing the system's services to the list of
standard services on the company's system image. This review process depends on:
A. MAC filtering.
B. system hardening.
C. rogue machine detection.
D. baselining.
Answer: D
QUESTION 918
A software developer wants to prevent stored passwords from being easily decrypted. When the
password is stored by the application, additional text is added to each password before the
password is hashed. This technique is known as:
A. symmetric cryptography.
B. private key cryptography.
C. salting.
D. rainbow tables.
Answer: C
QUESTION 919
In which of the following steps of incident response does a team analyze the incident and
determine steps to prevent a future occurrence?
A. Mitigation
B. Identification
C. Preparation
D. Lessons learned
Answer: D
QUESTION 920
A security technician has been asked to recommend an authentication mechanism that will allow
users to authenticate using a password that will only be valid for a predefined time interval. Which
of the following should the security technician recommend?
A. CHAP
B. TOTP
C. HOTP
D. PAP
Answer: B
QUESTION 921
A security administrator must implement a wireless encryption system to secure mobile devices'
communication. Some users have mobile devices which only support 56-bit encryption. Which of
the following wireless encryption methods should be implemented?
A. RC4
B. AES
C. MD5
D. TKIP
Answer: A
QUESTION 922
After a security incident involving a physical asset, which of the following should be done at the
beginning?
A. Record every person who was in possession of assets, continuing post-incident.
B. Create working images of data in the following order: hard drive then RAM.
C. Back up storage devices so work can be performed on the devices immediately.
D. Write a report detailing the incident and mitigation suggestions.
Answer: A
QUESTION 923
Which of the following is the GREATEST security risk of two or more companies working together
under a Memorandum of Understanding?
A. Budgetary considerations may not have been written into the MOU, leaving an entity to absorb
more cost than intended at signing.
B. MOUs have strict policies in place for services performed between the entities and the penalties
for compromising a partner are high.
C. MOUs are generally loose agreements and therefore may not have strict guidelines in place to
protect sensitive data between the two entities.
D. MOUs between two companies working together cannot be held to the same legal standards as SLAs.
Answer: C
QUESTION 924
Joe, a user, reports to the system administrator that he is receiving an error stating his certificate
has been revoked. Which of the following is the name of the database repository for these
certificates?
A. CSR
B. OSCP
C. CA
D. CRL
Answer: D
QUESTION 925
A software company has completed a security assessment. The assessment states that the
company should implement fencing and lighting around the property. Additionally, the
assessment states that production releases of their software should be digitally signed. Given the
recommendations, the company was deficient in which of the following core security areas?
(Select TWO).
A. Fault tolerance
B. Encryption
C. Availability
D. Integrity
E. Safety
F. Confidentiality
Answer: DE
QUESTION 926
A user was reissued a smart card after the previous smart card had expired. The user is able to
log into the domain but is now unable to send digitally signed or encrypted email. Which of the
following would the user need to perform?
A. Remove all previous smart card certificates from the local certificate store.
B. Publish the new certificates to the global address list.
C. Make the certificates available to the operating system.
D. Recover the previous smart card certificates.
Answer: B
QUESTION 927
Users are encouraged to click on a link in an email to obtain exclusive access to the newest
version of a popular Smartphone. This is an example of.
A. scarcity.
B. familiarity.
C. intimidation.
D. trust.
Answer: A
QUESTION 928
Which of the following types of attacks involves interception of authentication traffic in an attempt
to gain unauthorized access to a wireless network?
A. Near field communication
B. IV attack
C. Evil twin
D. Replay attack
Answer: B
QUESTION 929
Which of the following is a BEST practice when dealing with user accounts that will only need to
be active for a limited time period?
A. When creating the account, set the account to not remember password history.
B. When creating the account, set an expiration date on the account.
C. When creating the account, set a password expiration date on the account.
D. When creating the account, set the account to have time of day restrictions.
Answer: B
QUESTION 930
Which of the following types of authentication packages user credentials in a ticket?
A. Kerberos
B. LDAP
C. TACACS+
D. RADIUS
Answer: A
QUESTION 931
Which of the following is required to allow multiple servers to exist on one physical server?
A. Software as a Service (SaaS)
B. Platform as a Service (PaaS)
C. Virtualization
D. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)
Answer: C
QUESTION 932
Several employees submit the same phishing email to the administrator. The administrator finds
that the links in the email are not being blocked by the company's security device. Which of the
following might the administrator do in the short term to prevent the emails from being received?
A. Configure an ACL
B. Implement a URL filter
C. Add the domain to a block list
D. Enable TLS on the mail server
Answer: C
QUESTION 933
A company has several conference rooms with wired network jacks that are used by both
employees and guests. Employees need access to internal resources and guests only need
access to the Internet. Which of the following combinations is BEST to meet the requirements?
A. NAT and DMZ
B. VPN and IPSec
C. Switches and a firewall
D. 802.1x and VLANs
Answer: D
QUESTION 934
An administrator needs to renew a certificate for a web server. Which of the following should be
submitted to a CA?
A. CSR
B. Recovery agent
C. Private key
D. CRL
Answer: A
QUESTION 935
An administrator needs to submit a new CSR to a CA. Which of the following is a valid FIRST
step?
A. Generate a new private key based on AES.
B. Generate a new public key based on RSA.
C. Generate a new public key based on AES.
D. Generate a new private key based on RSA.
Answer: D
QUESTION 936
The security team would like to gather intelligence about the types of attacks being launched
against the organization. Which of the following would provide them with the MOST information?
A. Implement a honeynet
B. Perform a penetration test
C. Examine firewall logs
D. Deploy an IDS
Answer: A
QUESTION 937
After recovering from a data breach in which customer data was lost, the legal team meets with
the Chief Security Officer (CSO) to discuss ways to better protect the privacy of customer data.
Which of the following controls support this goal?
A. Contingency planning
B. Encryption and stronger access control
C. Hashing and non-repudiation
D. Redundancy and fault tolerance
Answer: B
QUESTION 938
A security engineer, Joe, has been asked to create a secure connection between his mail server
and the mail server of a business partner. Which of the following protocol would be MOST
appropriate?
A. HTTPS
B. SSH
C. FTP
D. TLS
Answer: D
QUESTION 939
A new network administrator is setting up a new file server for the company. Which of the
following would be the BEST way to manage folder security?
A. Assign users manually and perform regular user access reviews
B. Allow read only access to all folders and require users to request permission
C. Assign data owners to each folder and allow them to add individual users to each folder
D. Create security groups for each folder and assign appropriate users to each group
Answer: D
QUESTION 940
A recent vulnerability scan found that Telnet is enabled on all network devices. Which of the
following protocols should be used instead of Telnet?
A. SCP
B. SSH
C. SFTP
D. SSL
Answer: B
QUESTION 941
A network engineer is setting up a network for a company. There is a BYOD policy for the
employees so that they can connect their laptops and mobile devices.
Which of the following technologies should be employed to separate the administrative network
from the network in which all of the employees' devices are connected?
A. VPN
B. VLAN
C. WPA2
D. MAC filtering
Answer: B
QUESTION 942
A network administrator is asked to send a large file containing PII to a business associate.
Which of the following protocols is the BEST choice to use?
A. SSH
B. SFTP
C. SMTP
D. FTP
Answer: B
QUESTION 943
When performing the daily review of the system vulnerability scans of the network Joe, the
administrator, noticed several security related vulnerabilities with an assigned vulnerability
identification number. Joe researches the assigned vulnerability identification number from the
vendor website. Joe proceeds with applying the recommended solution for identified vulnerability.
Which of the following is the type of vulnerability described?
A. Network based
B. IDS
C. Signature based
D. Host based
Answer: C
QUESTION 944
A malicious individual is attempting to write too much data to an application's memory. Which of
the following describes this type of attack?
A. Zero-day
B. SQL injection
C. Buffer overflow
D. XSRF
Answer: C
QUESTION 945
Ann, a security administrator, has concerns regarding her company's wireless network. The
network is open and available for visiting prospective clients in the conference room, but she
notices that many more devices are connecting to the network than should be.
Which of the following would BEST alleviate Ann's concerns with minimum disturbance of current
functionality for clients?
A. Enable MAC filtering on the wireless access point.
B. Configure WPA2 encryption on the wireless access point.
C. Lower the antenna's broadcasting power.
D. Disable SSID broadcasting.
Answer: C
QUESTION 946
A distributed denial of service attack can BEST be described as:
A. invalid characters being entered into a field in a database application.
B. users attempting to input random or invalid data into fields within a web browser application.
C. multiple computers attacking a single target in an organized attempt to deplete its resources.
D. multiple attackers attempting to gain elevated privileges on a target system.
Answer: C
QUESTION 947
A systems administrator has implemented PKI on a classified government network. In the event
that a disconnect occurs from the primary CA, which of the following should be accessible locally
from every site to ensure users with bad certificates cannot gain access to the network?
A. A CRL
B. Make the RA available
C. A verification authority
D. A redundant CA
Answer: A
QUESTION 948
While configuring a new access layer switch, the administrator, Joe, was advised that he needed
to make sure that only devices authorized to access the network would be permitted to login and
utilize resources. Which of the following should the administrator implement to ensure this
happens?
A. Log Analysis
B. VLAN Management
C. Network separation
D. 802.1x
Answer: D
QUESTION 949
A vulnerability assessment indicates that a router can be accessed from default port 80 and
default port 22. Which of the following should be executed on the router to prevent access via
these ports? (Select TWO).
A. FTP service should be disabled
B. HTTPS service should be disabled
C. SSH service should be disabled
D. HTTP service should disabled
E. Telnet service should be disabled
Answer: CD
QUESTION 950
Results from a vulnerability analysis indicate that all enabled virtual terminals on a router can be
accessed using the same password. The company's network device security policy mandates
that at least one virtual terminal have a different password than the other virtual terminals. Which
of the following sets of commands would meet this requirement?
A. line vty 0 6 P@s5W0Rd password line vty 7 Qwer++!Y password
B. line console 0 password password line vty 0 4 password P@s5W0Rd
C. line vty 0 3 password Qwer++!Y line vty 4 password P@s5W0Rd
D. line vty 0 3 password Qwer++!Y line console 0 password P@s5W0Rd
Answer: C
QUESTION 951
Joe, an employee, was escorted from the company premises due to suspicion of revealing trade
secrets to a competitor. Joe had already been working for two hours before leaving the premises.
A security technician was asked to prepare a report of files that had changed since last night's
integrity scan. Which of the following could the technician use to prepare the report? (Select
TWO).
A. PGP
B. MD5
C. ECC
D. AES
E. Blowfish
F. HMAC
Answer: BF
QUESTION 952
Ann has read and write access to an employee database, while Joe has only read access. Ann is
leaving for a conference. Which of the following types of authorization could be utilized to trigger
write access for Joe when Ann is absent?
A. Mandatory access control
B. Role-based access control
C. Discretionary access control
D. Rule-based access control
Answer: D
QUESTION 953
An administrator finds that non-production servers are being frequently compromised, production
servers are rebooting at unplanned times and kernel versions are several releases behind the
version with all current security fixes. Which of the following should the administrator implement?
A. Snapshots
B. Sandboxing
C. Patch management
D. Intrusion detection system
Answer: C
QUESTION 954
Ann, the security administrator, wishes to implement multifactor security. Which of the following
should be implemented in order to compliment password usage and smart cards?
A. Hard tokens
B. Fingerprint readers
C. Swipe badge readers
D. Passphrases
Answer: C
QUESTION 955
A small business needs to incorporate fault tolerance into their infrastructure to increase data
availability. Which of the following options would be the BEST solution at a minimal cost?
A. Clustering
B. Mirrored server
C. RAID
D. Tape backup
Answer: C
QUESTION 956
A new application needs to be deployed on a virtual server. The virtual server hosts a SQL server
that is used by several employees.
Which of the following is the BEST approach for implementation of the new application on the
virtual server?
A. Take a snapshot of the virtual server after installing the new application and store the snapshot in
a secure location.
B. Generate a baseline report detailing all installed applications on the virtualized server after installing
the new application.
C. Take a snapshot of the virtual server before installing the new application and store the snapshot in
a secure location.
D. Create an exact copy of the virtual server and store the copy on an external hard drive after installing
the new application.
Answer: C
QUESTION 957
Ann wants to send a file to Joe using PKI. Which of the following should Ann use in order to sign
the file?
A. Joe's public key
B. Joe's private key
C. Ann's public key
D. Ann's private key
Answer: D
QUESTION 958
Which of the following protocols is used to validate whether trust is in place and accurate by
returning responses of either "good", "unknown", or "revoked"?
A. CRL
B. PKI
C. OCSP
D. RA
Answer: C
QUESTION 959
During a recent investigation, an auditor discovered that an engineer's compromised workstation
was being used to connect to SCADA systems while the engineer was not logged in. The
engineer is responsible for administering the SCADA systems and cannot be blocked from
connecting to them. The SCADA systems cannot be modified without vendor approval which
requires months of testing.
Which of the following is MOST likely to protect the SCADA systems from misuse?
A. Update anti-virus definitions on SCADA systems
B. Audit accounts on the SCADA systems
C. Install a firewall on the SCADA network
D. Deploy NIPS at the edge of the SCADA network
Answer: D
QUESTION 960
A security administrator must implement a network authentication solution which will ensure
encryption of user credentials when users enter their username and password to authenticate to
the network.
Which of the following should the administrator implement?
A. WPA2 over EAP-TTLS
B. WPA-PSK
C. WPA2 with WPS
D. WEP over EAP-PEAP
Answer: D
QUESTION 961
Several employees have been printing files that include personally identifiable information of
customers. Auditors have raised concerns about the destruction of these hard copies after they
are created, and management has decided the best way to address this concern is by preventing
these files from being printed.
Which of the following would be the BEST control to implement?
A. File encryption
B. Printer hardening
C. Clean desk policies
D. Data loss prevention
Answer: D
QUESTION 962
The company's sales team plans to work late to provide the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) with a
special report of sales before the quarter ends. After working for several hours, the team finds
they cannot save or print the reports.
Which of the following controls is preventing them from completing their work?
A. Discretionary access control
B. Role-based access control
C. Time of Day access control
D. Mandatory access control
Answer: C
QUESTION 963
A security engineer is asked by the company's development team to recommend the most secure
method for password storage.
Which of the following provide the BEST protection against brute forcing stored passwords?
(Select TWO).
A. PBKDF2
B. MD5
C. SHA2
D. Bcrypt
E. AES
F. CHAP
Answer: AD
QUESTION 964
After entering the following information into a SOHO wireless router, a mobile device's user
reports being unable to connect to the network:
Which of the following is preventing the device from connecting?
A. WPA2-PSK requires a supplicant on the mobile device.
B. Hardware address filtering is blocking the device.
C. TCP/IP Port filtering has been implemented on the SOHO router.
D. IP address filtering has disabled the device from connecting.
Answer: B
QUESTION 965
The call center supervisor has reported that many employees have been playing preinstalled
games on company computers and this is reducing productivity.
Which of the following would be MOST effective for preventing this behavior?
A. Acceptable use policies
B. Host-based firewalls
C. Content inspection
D. Application whitelisting
Answer: D
QUESTION 966
When creating a public / private key pair, for which of the following ciphers would a user need to
specify the key strength?
A. SHA
B. AES
C. DES
D. RSA
Answer: D
QUESTION 967
A company has decided to move large data sets to a cloud provider in order to limit the costs of
new infrastructure. Some of the data is sensitive and the Chief Information Officer wants to make
sure both parties have a clear understanding of the controls needed to protect the data.
Which of the following types of interoperability agreement is this?
A. ISA
B. MOU
C. SLA
D. BPA
Answer: A
QUESTION 968
Which of the following solutions provides the most flexibility when testing new security controls
prior to implementation?
A. Trusted OS
B. Host software baselining
C. OS hardening
D. Virtualization
Answer: D
QUESTION 969
Which of the following can result in significant administrative overhead from incorrect reporting?
A. Job rotation
B. Acceptable usage policies
C. False positives
D. Mandatory vacations
Answer: C
QUESTION 970
A security administrator wants to perform routine tests on the network during working hours when
certain applications are being accessed by the most people. Which of the following would allow
the security administrator to test the lack of security controls for those applications with the least
impact to the system?
A. Penetration test
B. Vulnerability scan
C. Load testing
D. Port scanner
Answer: B
QUESTION 971
Which of the following risk concepts requires an organization to determine the number of failures
per year?
A. SLE
B. ALE
C. MTBF
D. Quantitative analysis
Answer: B
QUESTION 972
Three of the primary security control types that can be implemented are.
A. supervisory, subordinate, and peer.
B. personal, procedural, and legal.
C. operational, technical, and management.
D. mandatory, discretionary, and permanent.
Answer: C
QUESTION 973
A company is trying to implement physical deterrent controls to improve the overall security
posture of their data center. Which of the following BEST meets their goal?
A. Visitor logs
B. Firewall
C. Hardware locks
D. Environmental monitoring
Answer: C
QUESTION 974
A security technician is attempting to improve the overall security posture of an internal mail
server. Which of the following actions would BEST accomplish this goal?
A. Monitoring event logs daily
B. Disabling unnecessary services
C. Deploying a content filter on the network
D. Deploy an IDS on the network
Answer: B
QUESTION 975
A bank has recently deployed mobile tablets to all loan officers for use at customer sites. Which
of the following would BEST prevent the disclosure of customer data in the event that a tablet is
lost or stolen?
A. Application control
B. Remote wiping
C. GPS
D. Screen-locks
Answer: B
QUESTION 976
Which of the following is the primary security concern when deploying a mobile device on a
network?
A. Strong authentication
B. Interoperability
C. Data security
D. Cloud storage technique
Answer: C
QUESTION 977
Which of the following technical controls is BEST used to define which applications a user can
install and run on a company issued mobile device?
A. Authentication
B. Blacklisting
C. Whitelisting
D. Acceptable use policy
Answer: C
QUESTION 978
After a company has standardized to a single operating system, not all servers are immune to a
well-known OS vulnerability. Which of the following solutions would mitigate this issue?
A. Host based firewall
B. Initial baseline configurations
C. Discretionary access control
D. Patch management system
Answer: D
QUESTION 979
A security administrator discovers an image file that has several plain text documents hidden in
the file. Which of the following security goals is met by camouflaging data inside of other files?
A. Integrity
B. Confidentiality
C. Steganography
D. Availability
Answer: B
QUESTION 980
A company is preparing to decommission an offline, non-networked root certificate server. Before
sending the server's drives to be destroyed by a contracted company, the Chief Security Officer
(CSO) wants to be certain that the data will not be accessed. Which of the following, if
implemented, would BEST reassure the CSO? (Select TWO).
A. Disk hashing procedures
B. Full disk encryption
C. Data retention policies
D. Disk wiping procedures
E. Removable media encryption
Answer: BD
QUESTION 981
During the analysis of a PCAP file, a security analyst noticed several communications with a
remote server on port 53. Which of the following protocol types is observed in this traffic?
A. FTP
B. DNS
C. Email
D. NetBIOS
Answer: B
QUESTION 982
Users can authenticate to a company's web applications using their credentials from a popular
social media site. Which of the following poses the greatest risk with this integration?
A. Malicious users can exploit local corporate credentials with their social media credentials
B. Changes to passwords on the social media site can be delayed from replicating to the company
C. Data loss from the corporate servers can create legal liabilities with the social media site
D. Password breaches to the social media site affect the company application as well
Answer: D
QUESTION 983
A security team has established a security awareness program. Which of the following would
BEST prove the success of the program?
A. Policies
B. Procedures
C. Metrics
D. Standards
Answer: C
QUESTION 984
A company needs to receive data that contains personally identifiable information. The company
requires both the transmission and data at rest to be encrypted. Which of the following achieves
this goal? (Select TWO).
A. SSH
B. TFTP
C. NTLM
D. TKIP
E. SMTP
F. PGP/GPG
Answer: AF
QUESTION 985
An organization does not have adequate resources to administer its large infrastructure. A
security administrator wishes to combine the security controls of some of the network devices in
the organization. Which of the following methods would BEST accomplish this goal?
A. Unified Threat Management
B. Virtual Private Network
C. Single sign on
D. Role-based management
Answer: A
QUESTION 986
An administrator wants to ensure that the reclaimed space of a hard drive has been sanitized
while the computer is in use. Which of the following can be implemented?
A. Cluster tip wiping
B. Individual file encryption
C. Full disk encryption
D. Storage retention
Answer: A
QUESTION 987
A company is looking to improve their security posture by addressing risks uncovered by a recent
penetration test. Which of the following risks is MOST likely to affect the business on a day-to-day
basis?
A. Insufficient encryption methods
B. Large scale natural disasters
C. Corporate espionage
D. Lack of antivirus software
Answer: D
QUESTION 988
Ann, an employee, is cleaning out her desk and disposes of paperwork containing confidential
customer information in a recycle bin without shredding it first. This is MOST likely to increase the
risk of loss from which of the following attacks?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Dumpster diving
C. Tailgating
D. Spoofing
Answer: B
QUESTION 989
Maintenance workers find an active network switch hidden above a dropped-ceiling tile in the
CEO's office with various connected cables from the office. Which of the following describes the
type of attack that was occurring?
A. Spear phishing
B. Packet sniffing
C. Impersonation
D. MAC flooding
Answer: B
QUESTION 990
Which of the following was based on a previous X.500 specification and allows either
unencrypted authentication or encrypted authentication through the use of TLS?
A. Kerberos
B. TACACS+
C. RADIUS
D. LDAP
Answer: D
QUESTION 991
The Quality Assurance team is testing a new third party developed application. The Quality team
does not have any experience with the application. Which of the following is the team performing?
A. Grey box testing
B. Black box testing
C. Penetration testing
D. White box testing
Answer: B
QUESTION 992
Which of the following has a storage root key?
A. HSM
B. EFS
C. TPM
D. TKIP
Answer: C
QUESTION 993
A security analyst, Ann, is reviewing an IRC channel and notices that a malicious exploit has
been created for a frequently used application. She notifies the software vendor and asks them
for remediation steps, but is alarmed to find that no patches are available to mitigate this
vulnerability.
Which of the following BEST describes this exploit?
A. Malicious insider threat
B. Zero-day
C. Client-side attack
D. Malicious add-on
Answer: B
QUESTION 994
A network engineer is designing a secure tunneled VPN. Which of the following protocols would
be the MOST secure?
A. IPsec
B. SFTP
C. BGP
D. PPTP
Answer: A
QUESTION 995
Which of the following controls would allow a company to reduce the exposure of sensitive
systems from unmanaged devices on internal networks?
A. 802.1x
B. Data encryption
C. Password strength
D. BGP
Answer: A
QUESTION 996
A recent computer breach has resulted in the incident response team needing to perform a
forensics examination. Upon examination, the forensics examiner determines that they cannot tell
which captured hard drive was from the device in question.
Which of the following would have prevented the confusion experienced during this examination?
A. Perform routine audit
B. Chain of custody
C. Evidence labeling
D. Hashing the evidence
Answer: C
QUESTION 997
An IT staff member was entering the datacenter when another person tried to piggyback into the
datacenter as the door was opened. While the IT staff member attempted to question the other
individual by politely asking to see their badge, the individual refused and ran off into the
datacenter. Which of the following should the IT staff member do NEXT?
A. Call the police while tracking the individual on the closed circuit television system
B. Contact the forensics team for further analysis
C. Chase the individual to determine where they are going and what they are doing
D. Contact the onsite physical security team with a description of the individual
Answer: D
QUESTION 998
During a recent user awareness and training session, a new staff member asks the Chief
Information Security Officer (CISO) why the company does not allow personally owned devices
into the company facilities. Which of the following represents how the CISO should respond?
A. Company A views personally owned devices as creating an unacceptable risk to the organizational
IT systems.
B. Company A has begun to see zero-day attacks against personally owned devices disconnected
from the network.
C. Company A believes that staff members should be focused on their work while in the company's facilities.
D. Company A has seen social engineering attacks against personally owned devices and does not allow
their use.
Answer: A
QUESTION 999
A customer has provided an email address and password to a website as part of the login
process. Which of the following BEST describes the email address?
A. Identification
B. Authorization
C. Access control
D. Authentication
Answer: A
QUESTION 1000
Which of the following is designed to ensure high availability of web based applications?
A. Proxies
B. Load balancers
C. URL filtering
D. Routers
Answer: B
QUESTION 1001
After a number of highly publicized and embarrassing customer data leaks as a result of social
engineering attacks by phone, the Chief Information Officer (CIO) has decided user training will
reduce the risk of another data leak. Which of the following would be MOST effective in reducing
data leaks in this situation?
A. Information Security Awareness
B. Social Media and BYOD
C. Data Handling and Disposal
D. Acceptable Use of IT Systems
Answer: A
QUESTION 1002
The administrator would like to implement hardware assisted full disk encryption on laptops.
Which of the following would MOST likely be used to meet this goal?
A. TPM
B. USB Drive
C. Key Escrow
D. PKI
Answer: A
QUESTION 1003
Jane, a security administrator, wants to harden the web server. Which of the following could she
perform to accomplish this task?
A. Implement remote sanitization
B. Disable unnecessary services
C. Install mantraps in the datacenter
D. Compare baseline configurations
Answer: B
QUESTION 1004
Which of the following policies could be implemented to help prevent users from displaying their
login credentials in open view for everyone to see?
A. Privacy
B. Clean desk
C. Job rotation
D. Password complexity
Answer: B
QUESTION 1005
Which of the following is another, more common, name for EAPOL?
A. LDAP
B. 802.1X
C. LDAPS
D. 802.12
Answer: B
QUESTION 1006
If you don't know the MAC address of a Windows-based machine, what command-line utility can
you use to ascertain it?
A. macconfig
B. ifconfig
C. ipconfig
D. config
Answer: C
QUESTION 1007
In the Windows world, what tool is used to disable a port?
A. System Manager
B. System Monitor
C. Performance Monitor
D. Windows Firewall
Answer: D
QUESTION 1008
A set of standardized system images with a pre-defined set of applications is used to build enduser
workstations. The security administrator has scanned every workstation to create a current
inventory of all applications that are installed on active workstations and is documenting which
applications are out-of-date and could be exploited. The security administrator is determining the:
A. Attack surface.
B. Application hardening effectiveness.
C. Application baseline.
D. OS hardening effectiveness.
Answer: A
QUESTION 1009
A perimeter survey finds that the wireless network within a facility is easily reachable outside of
the physical perimeter. Which of the following should be adjusted to mitigate this risk?
A. CCMP
B. MAC filter
C. SSID broadcast
D. Power level controls
Answer: D
QUESTION 1010
Which of the following would verify that a threat does exist and security controls can easily be
bypassed without actively testing an application?
A. Protocol analyzer
B. Vulnerability scan
C. Penetration test
D. Port scanner
Answer: B
QUESTION 1011
To help prevent unauthorized access to PCs, a security administrator implements screen savers
that lock the PC after five minutes of inactivity. Which of the following controls is being described
in this situation?
A. Management
B. Administrative
C. Technical
D. Operational
Answer: C
QUESTION 1012
Pete, a network administrator, is capturing packets on the network and notices that a large
amount of the traffic on the LAN is SIP and RTP protocols. Which of the following should he do to
segment that traffic from the other traffic?
A. Connect the WAP to a different switch.
B. Create a voice VLAN.
C. Create a DMZ.
D. Set the switch ports to 802.1q mode.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1013
Which of the following IP addresses would be hosts on the same subnet given the subnet mask
255.255.255.224? (Select TWO).
A. 10.4.4.125
B. 10.4.4.158
C. 10.4.4.165
D. 10.4.4.189
E. 10.4.4.199
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1014
An administrator values transport security strength above network speed when implementing an
SSL VPN. Which of the following encryption ciphers would BEST meet their needs?
A. SHA256
B. RC4
C. 3DES
D. AES128
Answer: D
QUESTION 1015
All of the following are encryption types EXCEPT:
A. Full disk
B. SMIME
C. File and folder
D. RADIUS
Answer: D
QUESTION 1016
Which of the following is used by Matt, a security administrator, to lower the risks associated with
electrostatic discharge, corrosion, and thermal breakdown?
A. Temperature and humidity controls
B. Routine audits
C. Fire suppression and EMI shielding
D. Hot and cold aisles
Answer: A
QUESTION 1017
When integrating source material from an open source project into a highly secure environment,
which of the following precautions should prevent hidden threats?
A. Design review
B. Code review
C. Risk assessment
D. Vulnerability scan
Answer: B
QUESTION 1018
Which of the following would MOST likely belong in the DMZ? (Select TWO).
A. Finance servers
B. Backup servers
C. Web servers
D. SMTP gateways
E. Laptops
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1019
When verifying file integrity on a remote system that is bandwidth limited, which of the following
tool combinations provides the STRONGEST confidence?
A. MD5 and 3DES
B. MD5 and SHA-1
C. SHA-256 and RSA
D. SHA-256 and AES
Answer: B